PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 24, 2026


                   NSE Indices launches Nifty REITs & InvITs 90:10 Index

      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index – Nifty
      REITs & InvITs 90:10.
      The Nifty REITs & InvITs 90:10 Index aims to track the performance of all publicly listed REITs and
      InvITs. The weight of each security in the index is based on its free-float market capitalization subject
      to a cap of 33%. The aggregate weight of all REITs in the index is floored at 90% and the weight of
      top 3 constituents is capped at 62%. The base date for the index is April 01, 2021, and the base value
      is 1000. The index will be reconstituted and rebalanced on a quarterly basis in March, June, September
      and December.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers for active funds.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
