PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 17, 2026

Corporate Action Adjustment for Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. in
             Nifty indices and Inclusion in Nifty IPO index

      A. Corporate Action Adjustment for Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. in Nifty indices

      NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/75242 dated July 22, 2026 has announced special pre-open session to
      be conducted for Triveni Engineering & Industries Ltd. (TRIVENI) in Capital Market segment on July
      22, 2026 on account of demerger of company’s power transmission business into the Triveni Power
      Transmission Ltd.

      In accordance with the index methodology, demerged entity Triveni Power Transmission Ltd. (with a
      dummy Symbol “DUMMYTRVN”) shall be included at zero price without divisor adjustment in
      following indices effective from July 22, 2026 (close of July 21, 2026).

       Sr. No.                      Index Name
          1      Nifty Microcap 250
          2      Nifty Smallcap 500
          3      Nifty Sugar & Ethanol
          4      Nifty Total Market

      For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices,
      please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com.

      B. Inclusion in Nifty IPO index

      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the
      following inclusion in Nifty IPO index. The change shall become effective from July 22, 2026 (close of
      July 21, 2026).

      The following company is being included:

       Sr. No.                        Company Name                                  Symbol
          1      Laser Power & Infra Ltd.                                        LASERPOWER

      No exclusion is being made from the index.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
