                                            Press Release
          NSE Indices launches Nifty AAA Bond Plus SDL Apr 2026 50:50 Index


                                                                                            April 09, 2021


Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited, has today launched a new target
maturity-based index – Nifty AAA Bond Plus SDL Apr 2026 50:50 Index.

The Nifty AAA Bond Plus SDL Apr 2026 50:50 Index follows a target maturity structure with a
maturity date of April 30, 2026. The index portfolio has 50 percent allocation to AAA rated bonds
issued by Government of India owned entities, Housing Finance Companies and Corporates and the
other 50 percent allocation includes State Development Loans (SDLs). All constituent bonds in the
index mature during the one-year period ended April 30, 2026.

The Nifty AAA Bond Plus SDL Apr 2026 50:50 Index has a base date of April 07, 2021 and a base
value of 1000. The index composition will be reviewed at the end of every calendar quarter.

The index is expected to strongly appeal to investors looking to align their debt portfolios with the target
maturity theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.



For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
www.nseindia.com.




                                                Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2020.
NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained
by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first exchange in
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year
since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange
listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing
members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures
the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology.


For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                               Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer                      Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                                        Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                                 Email id: kumark@nse.co.in




                                               Confidential
