NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
PRESSRELEASE
Mumbai,May16,2023
NSE Indices launches Nifty Core Housing Index
NSE's index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic based
index - Nifty Core Housing.
The Nifty Core Housing index aims to track the performance of portfolio of stocks that
represent the core housing theme. The largest 30 stocks from eligible basic industries are
selected based on 6 month average free-float market capitalization. The weight of each
at 15% at the time of index rebalancing.
The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
The index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index
tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and
structured products.
For more information on index methodology and factsheet,please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com

NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
About NsE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and
manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NsE, including the flagship index,
the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral
indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited
also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on
Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and
traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in

