PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 30, 2026


                 NSE Indices launches Nifty High Dividend Yield 15 Index

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new strategy index – Nifty
     High Dividend Yield 15.
     The Nifty High Dividend Yield 15 Index aims to track the performance of top 15 companies within the
     Nifty Total Market selected based on their dividend yield scores. The dividend yield for each stock is
     determined based on trailing 12-month rolling dividend divided by its Market Cap. Stock weights are
     based on a combination of the stock’s dividend yield score and free-float market capitalization. Each
     stock in the index is capped at 10%.
     The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
     and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis in June and December.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
