                                   PRESS RELEASE
                                                                       Mumbai, September 27, 2021



                Quarterly Review of Nifty BHARAT Bond Index Series

  NSE Indices Limited, an NSE group company, as part of its periodic review, announces the following
  changes in Nifty BHARAT Bond Index Series.

  These changes shall become effective from September 30, 2021. (Close of September 29, 2021)


1. Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2023

  No change is being made in the index.



2. Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2025

  The following securities are being included:
  Sr.
                              Issuer                            Maturity Date            ISIN
  No.
        NATIONAL BANK FOR AGRICULTURE AND
   1                                                             23-Jul-2024        INE261F08DF7
        RURAL DEVELOPMENT
        NATIONAL BANK FOR AGRICULTURE AND
   2                                                             31-Jan-2025        INE261F08DI1
        RURAL DEVELOPMENT
        SMALL INDUSTRIES DEVELOPMENT BANK OF
   3                                                             17-Jun-2024        INE556F08JT8
        INDIA


  No exclusion is being made from the index.

3. Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2030


  No change is being made in the index.
4. Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2031


  No change is being made in the index.


  About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

  National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
  (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
  2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
  maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
  exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
  ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
  shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
  comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
  feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
  trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
  exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
  through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
  For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


  About NSE Indices Limited:
  NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
  of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
  focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
  the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices
  comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and
  customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government
  of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment
  products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index
  based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of
  index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded
  as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
  For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Email id: cc@nse.co.in
