PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 22, 2023



                       NSE Indices launches Nifty G-Sec Jul 2033 Index

        NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new target maturity index
        Nifty G-Sec Jul 2033 Index.

        The Nifty G-Sec Jul 2033 Index follows a target maturity structure with maturity date of July 29,
        2033. The index measures the performance of portfolio of 4 Government securities (G-Secs) maturing
        during the twelve month period ending July 29, 2033.
        The Nifty G-Sec Jul 2033 Index has a base date of September 21, 2023, and a base value of 1000.
        The index will be reviewed semi-annually.
        The index is expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target maturity
        theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
        passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
        For more information on index methodology                    and    factsheet,   please    visit   us
        at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
