PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 22, 2026


                             Changes in Nifty Fixed Income indices

      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make changes
      as listed hereunder. These changes shall become effective from July 27, 2026 (close of July 26, 2026).

         A. Nifty SDL Jul 2026 Index
      The following security is being included:

        Sr. No.    Security Name                                   ISIN                  Maturity Date
           1       091 DTB 30072026                                IN002026X040           30-Jul-2026

      Since the last outstanding security (T-Bill) as included in the index matures before the final index
      maturity date, all redemption proceeds shall be re-invested in The Clearing Corporation of India Ltd.’s
      (CCIL) TREPS overnight rate tracked by Nifty 1D Rate Index for subsequent days till the maturity of
      the index.


      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
      of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
