PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 24, 2024

              NSE Indices launches Nifty Top 10 Equal Weight Index
      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new standard index – Nifty
      Top 10 Equal Weight.

      The Nifty Top 10 Equal Weight aims to track the performance of top 10 companies selected based on
      free-float market capitalization from the Nifty 50.

      All stocks in the index are equally weighted. The base date for the index is March 02, 2006 and the base
      value is 1000. The index is reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a
      quarterly basis.

      The index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and a reference index tracked by passive
      funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.

      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com




      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
