PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 27, 2023



                  NSE Indices launches India’s first Sovereign Green Bond Indices

        NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched India’s first ever Sovereign Green Bond
        indices. These indices, namely, Nifty India Sovereign Green Bond Jan 2028 Index and Nifty India Sovereign
        Green Bond Jan 2033 Index, follow target maturity date structure.

        The Nifty India Sovereign Green Bond Jan 2028 Index has a maturity date of January 31, 2028. It includes
        Government securities (G-Secs) issued under the category of Sovereign Green Bonds (SGrBs) maturing during
        the six-month period ending January 31, 2028.
        The Nifty India Sovereign Green Bond Jan 2033 Index has a maturity date of January 31, 2033. It includes
        Government securities (G-Secs) issued under the category of Sovereign Green Bonds (SGrBs) maturing during
        the twelve month period ending January 31, 2033.
        Mukesh Agarwal, CEO - NSE Indices, said, “The Nifty India Sovereign Green Bond indices are first of its
        kind as they seek to capture the performance of Indian Sovereign Green Bonds that finance green
        infrastructure. The two indices follow target maturity date structure maturing in 2028 and 2033. As per
        Government of India (GoI), the proceeds from Sovereign Green Bonds will be deployed in public sector
        projects which will help in reducing the carbon intensity of the economy. These indices are expected to act as
        a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded
        Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products, which can provide fixed income investors efficient and
        cost-effective access to the Indian sovereign green bond market while making a positive impact on the society.”
        Both indices have base date of January 27, 2023, and a base value of 1000. The indices will be reviewed
        monthly.
        For more     information    on   index     methodology            and     factsheet,    please     visit    us
        at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2022. NSE
is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by the
World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first exchange in India to
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based
on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services,
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules
and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and
performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on the
index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of
NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices
Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
