JOINT NEWS RELEASE

SGX to offer Nifty options, related products
10 March 2010 – Singapore Exchange (SGX) today said it expects to offer options on the
S&P CNX Nifty Index (Nifty) and related products in the coming year.

This follows SGX’s obtaining of licensing rights from India Index Services & Products
Limited (IISL) for the product range including derivative contracts on the CNX Nifty
Junior, CNX 100 and CNX Midcap indices. The addition of these products is subject to
relevant regulatory approvals. The development comes amid a sharp increase in the
trading of India-related products on SGX and elsewhere as the country’s economy
continues to be one of the fastest-growing in the world.

Building on the success of SGX’s current offerings, these new India-based products will
provide market participants with increased trading opportunities and enhanced means for
risk management. Since its launch in 2000, the SGX S&P CNX Nifty Futures has grown
to be one of SGX’s key Asian equity derivatives products. Total trading volume in 2009
was 7.1 million contracts, representing a daily average of 29,524 contracts. A new daily
record of 297,280 contracts was achieved on 27 January 2010 on the back of an active
onshore market and rollover activity.

SGX also lists four exchange-traded funds (ETFs) linked to Indian equity indices on the
securities market, namely the db x-trackers S&P CNX Nifty ETF, iShares MSCI India
ETF, Lyxor India S&P CNX Nifty ETF and Lyxor MSCI India ETF with combined assets
under management of US$782 million as at end-2009. In 2009, total trading value of
Indian-based ETFs on SGX surged 48% to S$2.6 billion, underscoring strong investor
appetite for Indian assets.

Mr Magnus Bocker, CEO of SGX, said, “We would like to express our appreciation to our
customers for their support of our current suite of India-linked products. As we continue to
find ways to meet customers’ growing interest in the Indian market through our different
partnerships, we are very excited to deepen our relationship with IISL with this planned
expansion of our suite of Indian equity derivatives. This will complement our current
offerings and bolster SGX’s position as a one-stop gateway for international market
participants to manage their Indian investment, trading and hedging needs.”

Mr Ravi Narain, Chairman of the Board of Directors of IISL and Managing Director &
CEO of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited, said, “SGX has achieved a solid
track record with Nifty futures contract. We are pleased to see SGX’s interest in
expanding the range of products based on the Nifty family of indices. This is testament to
the international brand recognition of the Nifty index. Today, the Nifty is used extensively
by investors in India and around the world to take exposure to the Indian equities market.



                                        Page 1 of 2
The total trading volume of Nifty-linked Futures on NSE in 2009 was 167 million contracts,
representing a daily average of 687,000 contracts and the trading volume of Nifty-linked
Options on NSE in 2009 was 321 million contracts representing a daily average of
1,321,000 contracts Index derivatives based on Nifty have been very successful both in
India and in Singapore over the last few years. Further, ETFs and structured products on
Nifty have been successfully introduced in US, European and Asian markets by leading
ETF providers and investment banks. Nifty has become the true benchmark of the Indian
capital market.”


                                         - End -



For further information, kindly contact:

SGX                                      NSE
Carolyn Lim                              K. Hari
Corporate Communications                 Corporate Communications
Tel : (65) 6236 8139                     Tel (91) 22 2659 8148
Email : carolyn.lim@sgx.com              Email: cc_nse@nse.co.in




                                   Page 2 of 2
