JOINT PRESS RELEASE
                                                                                Mumbai, March 21, 2022


          Joint Press Release on Introduction of Common Industry Classification
               Structure for Companies Listed and Traded at NSE and BSE

    NSE Indices Ltd., a group company of the National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and the
    BSE today announced introduction of common ‘India Industry Classification’ structure for
    classification of companies listed and traded at NSE and BSE.
    The four-level industry classification structure comprises 12 Macro Economic Sectors, 22 Sectors,
    58 Industries and 200 Basic Industries. The classification will come into effect from March 31, 2022.
    A detailed guideline governing the industry classification structure and categorization of companies
    listed and traded at NSE and BSE can be accessed on the respective websites of the NSE and BSE.

    Introduction of India Industry Classification structure jointly by NSE and BSE is expected to bring-
    in harmonized approach while categorizing companies into different sectors and shall be uniformly
    reckoned by all the capital market intermediaries.




    About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
    National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
    volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
    year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
    maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first
    exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
    ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
    shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
    comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
    feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
    trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
    exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
    through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
    For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-
based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication

Email id: cc@nse.co.in

About BSE

BSE (formerly Bombay Stock Exchange) established in 1875, is Asia’s first & now the
world’s fastest Stock Exchange with a speed of 6 microseconds. BSE is India’s leading exchange
group and has played a prominent role in developing the Indian capital market. BSE is a
corporatized and demutualized entity, with a broad shareholder base that includes the leading
global exchange- Deutsche Bourse, as a strategic partner. BSE provides an efficient and
transparent market for trading in equity, debt instruments, equity derivatives, currency
derivatives, commodity derivatives, interest rate derivatives, mutual funds and stock lending
and borrowing.

BSE also has a dedicated platform for trading in equities of small and medium enterprises
(SMEs) that has been highly successful. BSE also has a dedicated MF distribution platform BSE
StAR MF which is India Largest Mutual Funds Distribution Infrastructure. On October 1, 2018,
BSE launched commodity derivatives trading in Gold, Silver, Copper, Oman Crude Oil Guar Gum,
Guar Seeds & Turmeric.
BSE provides a host of other services to capital market participants including risk management,
clearing, settlement, market data services and education. It has a global reach with customers
around the world and a nation-wide presence. BSE’s systems and processes are designed to
safeguard market integrity, drive the growth of the Indian capital market and stimulate
innovation and competition across all market segments.

Indian Clearing Corporation Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of BSE, acts as the central
counterparty to all trades executed on the BSE trading platform and provides full novation,
guaranteeing the settlement of all bonafide trades executed. BSE Institute Ltd, another fully
owned subsidiary of BSE runs one of the most respected capital market educational institutes
in the country. Central Depository Services Ltd. (CDSL), associate company of BSE, is one of the
two Depositories in India.

BSE has set up an Investor Protection Fund (IPF) on July 10, 1986 to meet the claims of investors
against defaulter Members, in accordance with the Guidelines issued by the Ministry of Finance,
Government of India. BSE Investor Protection Fund is responsible for creating Capital markets
related awareness among the investor community in India.

Media Contact:
Yatin Padia / Rahul Vyas/ Mihir Dani
022 2272 8516 / 2272 8472/ 77380 12080
Yatin.padia@bseindia.com / Rahul.vyas@indiainx.com / Mihir.dani@adfactorspr.com
