                                       Press Release
                              Deferment of Index Rebalancing

                                                                                 March 25, 2020

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited had vide press
releases dated March 23, 2020 announced that the changes required to ensure ETFs/Index
Funds’ compliance with SEBI Portfolio Concentration Norms related to index constituent
impact cost criteria, maximum weight of top stock and top 3 stocks within the index will be
applied effective March 27, 2020 (close of March 26, 2020).

Considering the most recent developments including 21 days nationwide lock-down in India
and in order to provide support to various stakeholders, the IMSC has decided to defer the
above changes earlier scheduled to come into effect from March 27, 2020 (close of March 26,
2020) until further notice.

We will continue to monitor market conditions and will announce the revised date of
implementation of index rebalancing changes by providing two weeks notice.




About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by
trading volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019
and ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics
published by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India
to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as
the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares
every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on
Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.
Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd.
(SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is
widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com




For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                  Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer         Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                           Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                    Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
