NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 09,2022
NSE Indices launches Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond Dec 2027 60:40 Index
NSE'sindexservices subsidiary,NSEIndices Limited todaylaunched a newindex-NiftySDL Plus AAA
PSUBondDec 202760:40Index.
Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond Dec 2027 60:40 Indexfollows a target maturity structure with a maturity
date of December 31,2027.The index portfolio has 60% allocation to sixState Development Loans
(SDLs) and 40% allocation to four AAA rated bonds issued by PSUs as on the base date of the index.
All constituent SDLs and AAA rated PSU bonds in the index mature during the twelve-month period
ending December 31,2027.
NiftySDLPlusAAAPSUBondDec202760:40Indexhasabasedateof March08,2022andabase
value of 1ooo. Index will be reviewed at the end of each calendar quarter.
The index is expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with the target maturity
theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
For more   information   on   index   methodology   　and    factsheet，   please   visit   us
at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com

NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NsE) is the world's largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as
per the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021.
NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began
operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and
fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and
settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures
the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 5O. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based
on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange
is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Presscontact:
KumarKartikey-Chief Manager,Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
EmailID:cc@nse.co.in

