                                                                  December 07, 2015

                                  PRESS RELEASE

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee has decided to make the following
replacements in Nifty 500 and Nifty Smallcap 100 indices on account of proposed
schemes of arrangement for transfer by way of a demerger of the Retail Business
Undertakings of Future Retail Ltd. and Mandhana Industries Ltd. The changes shall
become effective from December 14, 2015 (close of December 11, 2015).


1)     Nifty 500 Index

The following companies are being excluded:

 Sr. No.   Company Name                                Symbol
    1      Future Retail Ltd.                          FRL
    2      Mandhana Industries Ltd.                    MANDHANA

The following companies are being included:

 Sr. No. Company Name                                  Symbol
   1     Arvind Ltd.                                   ARVIND
   2     Gayatri Projects Ltd.                         GAYAPROJ


2)     Nifty Smallcap 100 Index

The following company is being excluded:

 Sr. No.   Company Name                                  Symbol
    1      Future Retail Ltd.                            FRL


The following company is being included:

 Sr. No. Company Name                                  Symbol
   1     National Buildings Construction Corp. Ltd.    NBCC



For more details, contact:
Arindam Saha
Head - Corporate Communications
cc_nse@nse.co.in, asaha@nse.co.in
+91–9930019202
About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices.
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange
traded financial products in India, NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of
this remarkable journey.

About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk
management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past,
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE,
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka
Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.
