                                  PRESS RELEASE
                                                                            Mumbai, January 20, 2022


                  Replacement in NIFTY SME EMERGE Index

NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/50994 dated January 11, 2022 has announced shifting of Vasa Retail
and Overseas Ltd. to Z category effective from January 24, 2022. The Index Maintenance Sub-
Committee - Equity (IMSC) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to exclude the company from NIFTY
SME EMERGE index on account of its shifting to Z category. The change shall become effective from
January 24, 2022 (close of January 21, 2022).

The following company is being excluded:

   Sr. No.                 Company Name                                     Symbol
     1     Vasa Retail and Overseas Ltd.                            VASA

No inclusion is being made in the index.


About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
year 2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com




                                             Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-
based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Email id: cc@nse.co.in




                                           Confidential
