PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 21, 2025


            Exclusion of Emkay Tools Ltd. from Nifty SME Emerge index
      NSE Indices Limited vide its press release dated November 28, 2024 had announced inclusion of
      Emkay Tools Ltd. with a dummy symbol “DUMMYEMKTL” on account of demerger of company’s
      manufacturing of threading taps and cutting tools division from Emkay Taps and Cutting Tools Ltd.
      (EMKAYTOOLS) in Nifty SME Emerge index effective from December 04, 2024 (close of December
      03, 2024). After the demerger, Emkay Tools Ltd. (ETL) was listed on July 08, 2025 at the National
      Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE).

      In accordance with the index methodology, as Emkay Tools Ltd. (ETL) has not hit price band on two
      consecutive trading days on July 18, 2025 and July 21, 2025 at NSE, the Index Maintenance Sub-
      Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Ltd. has decided to exclude Emkay Tools Ltd. (ETL) from Nifty
      SME Emerge index effective from July 23, 2025 (close of July 22, 2025).

      It may be noted that if Emkay Tools Ltd. (ETL) hits the price band on July 22, 2025, the exclusion shall
      not be deferred further.

      For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices,
      please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com.

      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
