PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, October 25, 2023


           NSE Indices launches new Sub-Category level Nifty AIF Benchmarks
      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today published its fifth Nifty Alternative
      Investment Fund (AIF) Benchmark Report at a category level for the period ended 31st March 2023.
      NSE Indices also launched its third sub–category level report including five newly curated sub–
      category level benchmarks: Social Venture Fund, Infrastructure Fund and SME Fund for Category I,
      and Real Estate (Non-Equity Oriented and Others) – Residential Only and Distressed Asset Fund for
      Category II.
      With the introduction of these sub-category level benchmarks, NSE Indices now provides fourteen sub-
      category level benchmarks within three broad AIF Categories namely:
               Category I                          Category II                        Category III
       •   Venture Capital Fund    •   Unlisted Equity Fund                   •   Long Only Equity Fund
       •   Social Venture Fund     •   Listed + Unlisted Equity Fund          •   Long Short Equity Fund
       •   Infrastructure Fund     •   Real Estate (Equity Oriented) Fund     •   Multi Asset Fund
       •   SME Fund                •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented and
                                       Others) Fund
                                   •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented
                                       and Others) – Residential Only
                                   •   Debt Fund
                                   •   Distressed Asset Fund


      The Nifty AIF Benchmarks have been created in line with the SEBI Guidelines, for each of the three
      AIF categories (Cat I, Cat II, and Cat III) based on performance data as of March 31, 2023, as received
      from more than 600 AIF schemes.
      The category and sub–category level Nifty AIF Reports are published on a semi–annual basis based on
      March ending and September ending performance.
      The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report will appeal to Wealth Managers, Family Offices, Asset Managers,
      and Corporate Treasuries amongst other investors.
      The report can be accessed at www.niftyindices.com and www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
