PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, August 16, 2025


                          NSE Indices launches Nifty India FPI 150 Index

      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new broad market index –
      Nifty India FPI 150.
      The Nifty India FPI 150 Index aims to track the performance of top 150 stocks from the Nifty 500 that
      ensure accessibility and investibility for foreign investors. The top 150 stocks are selected based on
      six-month average foreign investible free-float market capitalization, covering the most liquid and high
      free-float stocks. The weight of each stock in the index is based on its foreign investible free-float
      market capitalization.
      The base date for the index is October 03, 2022, and the base value is 1000. The index will be
      reconstituted and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
