PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, May 05, 2025



                   NSE Indices launches two new target maturity indices
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new target maturity indices
     namely – Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Plus G-Sec Apr 2027 90:10 Index and Nifty AAA
     Financial Services Bond Plus G-Sec Apr 2028 90:10 Index.
     Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Plus G-Sec Apr 2027 90:10 Index and Nifty AAA Financial
     Services Bond Plus G-Sec Apr 2028 90:10 Index follows a target maturity structure with a maturity
     date of April 30, 2027 and April 28, 2028 respectively.
     Both indices seek to measure the performance of portfolio of AAA rated bonds issued by Public
     Financial Institutions (PFIs), Housing Finance Companies (HFCs), Non-Banking Financial Companies
     (NBFCs), Private Sector Banks and Government securities (G-Secs) maturing during the six month
     period ending April 30, 2027 and April 28, 2028.
     Indices have a base date of April 30, 2025, base value of 1000 and will be reviewed semi-annually.
     The new indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target
     maturity theme. They are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index
     tracked by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
     products.
     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
