PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 09, 2024



                        NSE Indices launches Nifty Capital Markets Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index –Nifty
      Capital Markets.
      The Nifty Capital Markets Index aims to track the performance of stocks from the Nifty 500 Index
      which are relevant to the capital market theme. The index includes stocks from basic industries such as
      Asset Management Company, Exchange and Data Platform, Stockbroking & Allied, Depositories,
      Clearing Houses and Other Intermediaries, Financial Products Distributor, Ratings and Other Capital
      Market related services. The index comprises of a maximum of 20 stocks selected based on their free-
      float market capitalization. The weight of stocks in the index is based on free-float market capitalization
      subject to a stock cap of 20%.
      The base date for the index is April 01, 2019, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
      semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
