                                       Press Release
                                                                                         June 15, 2020

       NSE Indices launches Nifty100 ESG Sector Leaders Index
           Tracks portfolio of select large cap stocks within each sector in Nifty 100

Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices limited has today launched a new index
Nifty100 ESG Sector Leaders Index based on Environment, Social and Governance (ESG) theme.

The Nifty100 ESG Sector Leaders Index aims to track performance of select large cap companies
within each sector in Nifty 100 which have scored well on management of ESG risk and which do
not have involvement in any major controversies. The weights of the stocks are based on their
free-float market capitalisation subject to a stock cap of 10%. The selection of stocks is such that
the index covers ~75% of Free Float Market capitalization of eligible stocks within each sector in
Nifty 100.

“Mirroring global trends, ESG based investing continues to gain traction in India with various
funds starting to use ESG based filters in their investment processes. The launch of the Nifty100
ESG Sector Leaders index, along with the existing suite of our ESG indices, highlights NSE’s
continued work towards developing the ESG theme and the passive fund management space in
India.” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd.

The base date for the Nifty100 ESG Sector Leaders index is January 01, 2014 and base value is
1000. The index composition is reconstituted and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis in June and
December. The index is calculated on an end-of-day basis. The ESG Risk Rating and controversy
research used by the index is provided by Sustainalytics, a global leader in ESG research.

The index is expected to strongly appeal to investors looking to align their portfolios with the ESG
theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


For more information on index methodology and factsheet,                      please visit     us   at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by
trading volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019 and
ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics
published by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds,
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products
and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally
enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants
and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets.
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio
of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY
equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices,
thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices
based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India
and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                       Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer              Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                                Mobile: +91-98195 49984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                         Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
