PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, Oct 13, 2021



                    NSE Indices launches Nifty Total Market Index
NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new index – Nifty Total Market
index.
The Nifty Total Market index aims to track the performance of 750 stocks covering large, mid, small and
microcap segments. All stocks that are part of Nifty 500 index and Nifty Microcap 250 index form part of the
Nifty Total Market index. The weight of the stocks in the index is based on their free-float market
capitalization.
The launch of the Nifty Total Market index provides expanded coverage of stocks listed and permitted to
trade on NSE. “The Nifty Total Market index is an important addition to our existing range of broad market
indices, as it will allow investors to track the performance of equities across different size segments through
a single index. This index will represent the broadest measure on the performance of the Indian equity markets
at an aggregate level.” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd.
The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. Index reconstitution will be done on a
semi-annual basis. The Nifty Total Market index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be
a reference index tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and
structured products.
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
www.nseindia.com




                                                   Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com/
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:

Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication

Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                           Confidential
