PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, October 27, 2023



                                Revision in Nifty Fixed Income indices

      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the index
      methodology and index name of Nifty India Select 7 Government Bond Index (INR) as mentioned
      hereunder.

       Parameter       Existing Method                          Revised Method
       Security        The minimum outstanding amount for Securities should be categorized under the
       Eligibility     government security should be Rs Fully Accessible Route (FAR) by RBI.
                       15,000 crores if it is categorized under
                       the Fully Accessible Route (FAR) by
                       RBI and should be Rs 25,000 crores
                       for General category G-Secs.

      The above change in the methodology shall automatically be applicable to Nifty India Select 7
      Government Bond Index (USD). Accordingly, based on the change mentioned above, the Index
      Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has also decided to revise the index name
      as summarized in the table below:

       Parameter       Existing Name                   Revised Name
       Index name      Nifty India Select 7 Government Nifty India Government Fully Accessible
                       Bond Index (INR)                Route (FAR) Select 7 Bonds Index (INR)

       Index name      Nifty India Select 7 Government Nifty India Government Fully Accessible
                       Bond Index (USD)                Route (FAR) Select 7 Bonds Index (USD)



      The new index methodology and index name shall become effective from November 30, 2023.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact: Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
