NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
PRESSRELEASE
Mumbai,August23,2021
Replacements in NIFTY SME EMERGE Index
The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make
the following exclusions from NIFTY SME EMERGE index on account of proposed migration of
the companies from NSE's SME EMERGE platform to NSE's Capital Market segment (Main
Board).
The change shall become effective from August 30, 2021 (close of August 27, 2021).
1)   NIFTYSMEEMERGE
The following companies are being excluded:
Sr. No.   Company Name   Symbol
1   Nandani Creation Ltd.   JAIPURKURT
2   Reliable Data Services Ltd.   RELIABLE
No inclusion is being made in the index.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NsE) is the world's largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades
as per the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar
year 2020. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based
trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in
Confidential

NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on
SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions
and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing
members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NsE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 5O. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices,
thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income
indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments
and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGx) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital
Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta   Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer   Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile:+91-9820340485   Mobile:+91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in   Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
Confidential

