PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 15, 2023


     NSE Indices launches Nifty Smallcap250 Quality 50 Index
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new quality based strategy
     index – Nifty Smallcap250 Quality 50.
     The Nifty Smallcap250 Quality 50 index consists of 50 stocks selected from its parent Nifty
     Smallcap 250 Index based on ‘quality’ score. The quality score for each company is determined
     based on return on equity, financial leverage (except for financial services companies) and earning
     per share (EPS) growth variability of each stock analysed during the previous 5 financial years. The
     weight of each stock in the index is based on a combination of stock’s quality score and its free float
     market capitalization.

     The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and base value is 1000. Index will be reconstituted
     and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis in June and December.

     The index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
     passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
     www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per
the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022.
NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began
operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a
fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and
settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with
the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures
the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets.
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio
of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based
on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty
50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey – Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
