PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 23, 2025


                   NSE Indices launches two new constant maturity indices


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new constant maturity
      indices namely - Nifty Financial Services 3 to 6 Months Debt Index and Nifty Financial Services 9 to
      12 Months Debt Index.
      Nifty Financial Services 3 to 6 Months Debt Index seeks to measure the performance of portfolio of
      Commercial Papers (CPs) & Certificates of Deposit (CDs) with long term credit rating of AAA, issued
      by entities from the financial services sector with residual maturity of 3 to 6 months. Nifty Financial
      Services 9 to 12 Months Debt Index seeks to measure the performance of portfolio of Commercial
      Papers (CPs), Certificates of Deposit (CDs) & corporate bond securities with long term credit rating of
      AAA, issued by entities from the financial services sector with residual maturity of 9 to 12 months.
      Both indices have a base date of June 12, 2006 and base value of 1000. Nifty Financial Services 3 to 6
      Months Debt Index will be reviewed quarterly and Nifty Financial Services 9 to 12 Months Debt Index
      will be reviewed semi-annually. Securities selected in each index are given equal weight as of the base
      date/review date.
      The new indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with shorter
      duration. These indices are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index
      tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
      products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com
      or www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
