                                                                          November 29, 2019

      NSE Indices launches Nifty 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index
          Index tracks the performance of the most liquid 5 year government security

Mumbai: NSE’s index subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited has today launched an index that
measures the performance of the most liquid government security in the 5 year maturity
segment.
The ‘Nifty 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index’ is single bond index tracking the most liquid 5 year
benchmark security issued by the Government of India.

The index has a base date of September 03, 2001 and a base value of 1000. It is computed on
total return methodology. The index composition is reviewed on a monthly basis.

“With a well-defined, rules-based market-relevant construction approach and long back-tested
history of more than 18 years, the Nifty 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec index will strongly appeal to
fixed income market participants as a reliable benchmark for the 5 year G-Sec segment. The
index is also expected to be a reference index that can be tracked by passive funds in the form
of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and index funds” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE
Indices Limited.

The index values will be computed on an end of day basis.




For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018,
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages
a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50.
Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectorial indices, strategy
indices, thematic indices and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded
funds. The flagship 'Nifty50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
