PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 02, 2026


                       NSE Indices launches Nifty REITs & Realty Index

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new sectoral index – Nifty
     REITs & Realty.
     The Nifty REITs & Realty Index aims to track the performance of 15 securities comprising of publicly
     listed REITs and stocks belonging to the ‘Realty’ sector. The weight of each security in the index is
     based on its free-float market capitalization subject to a cap of 15%. The base date for the index is July
     01, 2021, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted and rebalanced on a quarterly
     basis in March, June, September and December.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
