PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 03, 2025


            NSE Indices launches Nifty India Infrastructure & Logistics Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index – Nifty
      India Infrastructure & Logistics.
      The Nifty India Infrastructure & Logistics Index aims to track the performance of stocks from the
      Nifty 500 that represent the infrastructure and logistics theme. The top 100 stocks based on 6 month
      average free-float market capitalization are selected to be a part of the index.


      The weight of each stock in the index is based on free float market capitalization. The aggregate
      weight of stocks belonging to an industry is capped at 20% and the weight of each stock in the index
      is capped at 5%.


      The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be
      reconstituted semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com
      or www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
