PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 31, 2023



                                Changes in Nifty Fixed Income indices
     The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited, announces the following
     exclusion from Nifty BHARAT bond index - April 2023 index on account of maturity of the security.
     The change shall become effective from April 03, 2023.

     The following security is being excluded:

       Sr. No.                Issuer Name                                Maturity Date           ISIN
                 SMALL INDUSTRIES DEVELOPMENT BANK
         1                                                               03-Apr-23         INE556F14IP6
                 OF INDIA

     No inclusion is being made in the index.

     About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

     National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
     volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
     year 2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
     maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first
     exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
     ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
     shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
     comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
     feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
     trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
     exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
     through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
     For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com




     About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-
based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
