                                                                                January 15, 2020


               NSE Indices launches two new sector indices
  Indices track performance of stocks from the Consumer Durables and Oil & Gas industries



Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited, launched two new sector
indices namely, Nifty Consumer Durables and Nifty Oil & Gas today.

Each index consists of top 15 companies from their respective industries within the Nifty 500
index. The stocks are selected based on their average free-float market capitalization.

The weight of each stock in the respective index is based on its free float market capitalization.
The single stock weight shall be capped at 33% and the weights of top 3 stocks cumulatively
shall not be more than 62% at the time of rebalancing.

The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index composition is
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

“The two new sector indices aim to reflect the performance of the Consumer Durable and Oil
& Gas industries. These new indices, along with the existing Nifty sector indices, will help
market participants in gauging the risk-return dynamics of various industries across time. These
sector indices shall also appeal to investors looking to invest in underlying sectors through
ETFs or index funds,” said Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd.

Nifty Consumer Durables Index and Nifty Oil & Gas index will be calculated on an end-of-
day basis. The indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers looking for reliable
metrics that measure the performance of the sectoral funds. The indices are also expected to be
reference indices which can be tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds
(ETFs), index funds and structured products.



For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
second largest in the world by number of trades in equity shares from January to December
2018, according to the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994
and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover
of equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business
model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally, enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages
a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50.
Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectorial indices, strategy
indices, thematic indices and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded
funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
