PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 07, 2024


       NSE Indices launches Nifty500 LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap Weighted index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new index – Nifty500
      LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap Weighted.
      The Nifty500 LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap Weighted index aims to measure the performance of portfolio
      comprising large-cap, mid-cap and small-cap companies with equal weight assigned to each market-
      cap segment (Large-cap, Mid-cap and Small-cap).
      The Nifty500 LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap Weighted index includes all companies that are part of Nifty
      500 index. While in the Nifty 500 index, the total weight of each segment is based on the total free float
      market capitalization of all stocks falling within that segment, in Nifty500 LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap
      Weighted index, the total weight of each of these three segments is fixed at 33.33% each at every
      quarterly rebalance date. The weight of each stock within each of the three segments is based on its
      free float market capitalization.
      The Nifty500 LargeMidSmall Equal-Cap Weighted Index will appeal to investors seeking targeted
      exposure to Large, Mid and Small market-cap segments of the Nifty 500 Index.
      The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and a base value is 1000. The index composition is
      reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
      passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
