PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 22, 2023


                         Revision in Nifty Next 50 index methodology
     The Nifty Next 50 index represents the balance 50 companies from Nifty 100 index after
     excluding the Nifty 50 companies. Currently, cumulative weight of Non-F&O stocks in the Nifty
     Next 50 index is capped at 15% on quarterly rebalance dates. Further, Non-F&O stocks in the
     index are individually capped at 4.5% on quarterly rebalance dates. In order to enhance the
     replicability of the Nifty Next 50 index, Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE
     Indices Limited has decided to make the following changes to existing index methodology.



                       Existing                                  Proposed
      Capping limit on cumulative weight of non- Capping limit on cumulative weight of non-
      F&O stocks:                                F&O stocks:

      Cumulative weight of non-F&O stocks in the Cumulative weight of non-F&O stocks in the
      index is capped at 15% at the time of index is capped at 10% at the time of
      rebalancing                                rebalancing


     The change in the capping limit would be implemented with effect from March 31, 2023 (close
     of March 29, 2023).
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per
the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022.
NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began
operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a
fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and
settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with
the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures
the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology.

For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets.
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio
of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based
on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty
50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:

Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
