PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 24, 2023



                        NSE Indices launches India’s first Municipal Bond Index

        NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched India’s first ever Municipal Bond Index,
        Nifty India Municipal Bond Index at a SEBI workshop on Municipal Debt Securities at Bengaluru.

        The Nifty India Municipal Bond Index tracks the performance of municipal bonds issued by Indian municipal
        corporations across maturities and having investment grade credit rating. The index includes municipal bonds
        issued as per the Securities Exchange Board of India Issue and Listing of Municipal Debt Securities
        Regulations, 2015. Presently, the index has 28 municipal bonds issued by 10 issuers all having credit rating in
        the AA rating category. The index constituents are assigned weights based on their outstanding amount.
        Indian municipal bond market has seen a resurgence of issuances after the SEBI Issue and Listing of Municipal
        Debt Securities Regulations, 2015 came into effect and a renewed emphasis on municipal finance by
        policymakers. Raising money from capital markets incentivizes municipal corporations to fund new projects
        and improve civic infrastructure while encouraging them to become financially disciplined and governance
        oriented.
        Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices, said, “The municipal bond market has a potential to play a pivotal
        role in financing the borrowing requirements of different municipal corporations in India. The proceeds from
        bonds issued by municipal corporations can be utilized to finance the expansion of essential municipal services
        through growth-driven infrastructure projects & can contribute to bridging India’s urban infrastructure
        financing gap. The launch of the Nifty India Municipal Bond Index - India’s first ever Municipal Bond Index
        aligns with NSE’s vision to provide market representative benchmarks. The Nifty India Municipal Bond Index
        will track the performance of Indian municipal bond market and act as a benchmark for passive funds which
        will provide more investment choices to Indian fixed income investors. I am confident that with the launch of
        the Nifty India Municipal Bond Index, an impetus will be created for asset managers to consider investing in
        the municipal bond market thereby providing an investment vehicle to fixed income investors.”
        The index is computed using the total return methodology including price return and coupon return. The index
        has a base date of January 01, 2021, and a base value of 1000. The index will be reviewed quarterly. The index
        is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by passive funds in the
        form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
        For more     information    on   index     methodology            and     factsheet,    please     visit    us
        at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2022. NSE is
ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by the World
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in
India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.
NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement
services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a
culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com



About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on the
index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of
NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices
Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
