PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 16, 2025


             Revision in exclusion date for Nifty SME Emerge index

     The Index Maintenance Sub Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited via press release dated
     September 12, 2025 had announced exclusion of Mangalam Worldwide Ltd. (MWL) from Nifty SME
     Emerge index with effect from September 19, 2025 (close of September 18, 2025).

     NSE vide circular NSE/CML/70232 dated September 16, 2025 has announced migration of MWL from
     NSE’s SME Emerge platform to NSE’s Capital Market segment (Main Board) effective of September
     18, 2025.

     In view of the above, the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) has decided to revise the date of
     exclusion of the above-mentioned security from September 19, 2025 to September 18, 2025 (close of
     September 17, 2025).


     About NSE Indices Limited:
     NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
     NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
     focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
     the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
     broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
     indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
     securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
     based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
     derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
     index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
     the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
     For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
     Press contact:
     Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
