PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 12, 2024




                          NSE Indices launches Nifty200 Value 30 Index

      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new strategy index – Nifty200
      Value 30.

      The Nifty200 Value 30 Index aims to track the performance of 30 companies from its parent Nifty 200
      index, selected based on their ‘value’ scores. The value score of each company is determined based on
      Earnings to Price ratio (E/P), Book Value to Price ratio (B/P), Sales to Price ratio (S/P) and Dividend
      Yield. Stock weights are based on a combination of the stock’s value score and its free-float market
      capitalization. Stock weights are capped at the lower of 5% or 5 times the weight of the stock in the
      index based only on free float market capitalization.

      The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
      and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.




      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
