PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, April 11, 2023



              NSE Indices launches India’s first ever REITs & InvITs Index

       NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched India’s first ever Real Estate
       Investment Trusts (REITs) & Infrastructure Investment Trusts (InvITs) Index - Nifty REITs & InvITs
       Index.

       The Nifty REITs & InvITs index aims to track the performance of REITs and InvITs that are publicly
       listed and traded (listed and traded or not listed but permitted to trade) at the National Stock Exchange.
       The weights of securities within the index are based on their free-float market capitalization subject to
       a security cap of 33% each and aggregate weight of top 3 securities is capped at 72%. The Nifty REITs
       & InvITs Index has a base date of July 01, 2019, and a base value of 1000. The index will be reviewed
       and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

       A real estate investment trust (REIT) or an infrastructure investment trust (InvIT) is an investment
       vehicle that owns revenue-generating real estate or infrastructure assets. REITs invest in real estate
       projects whereas InvITs invest in infrastructure projects with long gestation period. Through REITs &
       InvITs investors get exposure to diversified regular income generating real estate and infrastructure
       asset.

       Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices, said. “REITs and InvITs are recognised as strong alternative
       financial instruments to raise funds against the cash generating infrastructure and real estate projects.
       For investors, these instruments provide exposure to real estate or infrastructure assets and offer
       diversification of risk from regular asset classes like equity, debt and gold and generate regular income.
       The launch of the Nifty REITs & InvITs Index - India’s first ever REITs & InvITs Index aligns with
       NSE’s vision to provide market representative benchmarks for different asset classes. The Nifty REITs
       & InvITs Index will track the performance of publicly listed REITs & InvITs and act as a benchmark
       for active funds.”

       For more information on index methodology                      and    factsheet,    please    visit    us
       at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2022. NSE is ranked 3 rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.


For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:

NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and
customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government
of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment
products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index
based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
