                   Changes in Nifty Fixed Income indices

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make changes
as listed hereunder.

  1. Nifty AAA Bond Plus SDL Apr 2031 70:30 Index
On account of downgrade in conservative issuer rating for Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited
from AAA to AA+, the below security will be excluded from the index.
These changes shall become effective from September 17, 2024.
The following security is being Excluded:

     ISIN                        Issuer                        Maturity
 INE153A08089      Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited         11-Oct-2030

  2. Nifty CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2024 50:50 index
These changes shall become effective from September 12, 2024.
The following security is being Included:

      ISIN                         Issuer                     Maturity
 INE514E14RU9      EXPORT-IMPORT BANK OF INDIA              20-Sept-24



About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
