                                       Press Release
                                                                            November 18, 2020


                       NSE Indices launches Nifty Healthcare Index


Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited, today launched a new sector
index - Nifty Healthcare Index.

The index consists of top 20 companies from the Healthcare sector within the Nifty 500 index.
Stocks are selected based on their average free-float market capitalization. The weight of each
stock in the index is based on its free float market capitalization. The single stock weight shall
be capped at 33% and the total weight of top 3 stocks shall not be more than 62% at the time
of rebalancing.

The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index composition is
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

Nifty Healthcare Index aims to reflect the performance of the Healthcare sector. This new
index, along with the existing Nifty sector indices, will help market participants gauge the risk-
return dynamics of various sectors across time. This index will appeal to investors looking to
invest in the healthcare sector through ETFs or index funds.

Nifty Healthcare Index will be calculated on an end-of day basis. The index is expected to act
as a benchmark for asset managers looking for reliable metrics that measure the performance
of sectoral funds. The index is also expected to be a reference index which can be tracked by
passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
products.

For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.




                                           Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by
trading volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019 and
ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics
published by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds,
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products
and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally
enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants
and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages
a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY
50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices,
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded
funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                     Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer            Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                              Mobile: +91-98195 49984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                       Email id: kumark@nse.co.in




                                           Confidential
