                                       Press Release
                                                                                   February 09, 2021


                   Replacements in NIFTY SME EMERGE Index

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to exclude
Husys Consulting Ltd. from NIFTY SME EMERGE index on account proposed voluntary
delisting.

Further, on account of proposed migration from NSE’s SME EMERGE platform to NSE’s Capital
Market segment (Main Board), the Committee has decided to exclude AKG Exim Ltd. and
Rajnandini Metal Ltd. from NIFTY SME EMERGE index.

These changes shall become effective from February 16, 2021 (close of February 15, 2021).

1)         NIFTY SME EMERGE

The following companies are being excluded:

     Sr. No.                   Company Name                                 Symbol
       1       AKG Exim Ltd.                                         AKG
       2       Husys Consulting Ltd.                                 HUSYSLTD
       3       Rajnandini Metal Ltd.                                 RAJMET

No inclusion is being made in the index.


About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by
trading volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019
and ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics
published by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India
to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as
the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares
every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com




About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on
Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.
Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd.
(SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is
widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                    Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer           Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                             Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                      Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
