PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 06, 2025


               NSE Indices launches Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new strategy index – Nifty500
     Multifactor MQVLv 50.
     The Nifty500 Multifactor MQVLv 50 Index aims to track the performance of a 50-stock portfolio
     selected based on a combination of momentum, quality, value and low volatility factors from the Nifty
     500.
     The momentum score for each company is determined based on its 6-month and 12-month price return,
     adjusted for volatility. The quality score for each company is determined based on return on equity
     (ROE), financial leverage (Debt/Equity Ratio) and earnings (EPS) growth variability analyzed during
     the previous 5 years. The value score of each company is determined based on the Earnings to Price
     ratio (E/P), Book Value to Price ratio (B/P), Sales to Price ratio (S/P) and Dividend Yield. Volatility is
     calculated as the standard deviation of daily price returns (log normal) for last one year.
     The weight of each stock in the index is based on its composite factor score and is capped at the lower
     of 5% or 5 times its weight in the index based on free float market capitalization.
     The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
     and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
