PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 11, 2026


                         NSE Indices launches Nifty AI Catalysts Index

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index – Nifty
     AI Catalysts.
     The Nifty AI Catalysts Index aims to track performance of companies that are positioned to help build
     the foundation of India’s AI economy. The index provides exposure to businesses enabling AI
     deployment and adoption through critical infrastructure and services spanning computing and IT
     infrastructure, connectivity, power and electrification, cooling systems, engineering and construction,
     and the cables and materials that support digital infrastructure. As AI adoption accelerates across
     industries, significant investment is expected in data centres, computing capacity, energy infrastructure
     and connectivity networks. By adopting an ecosystem-based approach, the index seeks to reflect this
     broader opportunity and provide investors with diversified exposure to the industries helping power
     India’s AI-driven growth.
     The index follows a transparent, rules-based methodology, with constituents weighted by free-float
     market capitalisation, subject to a maximum stock weight of 3%. The base date for the index is June
     28, 2024, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted on a semi-annual basis in June
     and December and rebalanced on a quarterly basis in March, June, September and December.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
