PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, May 22, 2026


          NSE Indices launches new Sub-Category level Nifty AIF Benchmarks
     NSE Indices Limited today published its standard Nifty Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) Benchmark
     Report for the period ended 30th September 2025. The report includes industry level performance of
     category and sub-category benchmarks.
     In this report, NSE Indices Limited has introduced newly curated sub-category level benchmarks for
     Category I – “Angel Fund” and “Special Situations Fund”, tailored for schemes focused on angel
     investments and special situations opportunities.
     With the introduction of these sub-categories, NSE Indices now provides eighteen sub-category level
     benchmarks within three broad AIF Categories namely:
               Category I                          Category II                        Category III
      •   Venture Capital Fund      •   Unlisted Equity Fund                  •   Long Only – Debt Oriented
      •   Angel Fund                •   Listed + Unlisted Equity Fund             Fund
      •   Social Venture Fund       •   Real Estate (Equity Oriented) Fund    •   Long Only – Equity
      •   Infrastructure Fund       •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented        Oriented Fund
      •   SME Fund                      and Others) Fund                      •   Long Short Equity Fund
      •   Special Situations Fund   •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented    •   Multi Asset Fund
                                        and Others) – Residential Only        •   Hybrid Fund
                                    •   Debt Fund
                                    •   Distressed Asset Fund


     The Nifty AIF Benchmarks have been created in line with the SEBI Guidelines, for each of the three
     AIF categories (Category I, II, and III) based on performance data as of September 30, 2025, as received
     from more than 1000 AIF schemes.
     The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report is published on a semi–annual basis based on March ending and
     September ending performance.
     The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report will appeal to Wealth Managers, Family Offices, Asset Managers,
     and Corporate Treasuries amongst other investors.
     The report can be accessed at www.niftyindices.com and www.nseindia.com.




                                               Non-Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                        Non-Confidential
