NSE   N
Nifty50
Indices
PRESSRELEASE
Mumbai,March13,2024
NSE Indices launches Nifty AAA Bond Jun 2025 HTM Index
NSE's index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new target maturity index
NiftyAAABond Jun2025 HTM Index.
June 30, 2025. The index measures the performance of portfolio ofAAA rated bonds issued by Public
Sector Undertakings (PSUs), Housing Finance Companies (HFCs), Non-Banking Financial Companies
(NBFCs) and Banks maturing during the six month period ending June 30, 2025.
The Nifty AAA Bond Jun 2025 HTM Index has a base date of March 11, 2024, and a base value of
10oo. The index will be reviewed semi-annually.
The index is expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target maturity
theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
Non-Confidential

NSE   N
Nifty50
Indices
AboutNSEIndicesLimited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment
products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-
based derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a
number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and
traded as thebenchmarkfor Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
EmailID:cc@nse.co.in
Non-Confidential

