                                       Press Release
                                                                                       May 20, 2020

       NSE Indices launches Nifty Financial Services 25/50 Index
   Index tracks a well-distributed portfolio of top 20 stocks within the Financial Services sector


Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices limited has today launched a new index
Nifty Financial Services 25/50 Index.

Nifty Financial Services 25/50 Index tracks the same 20 companies which form part of existing
Nifty Financial Services Index however with modified weights. While weights of stocks in both
the indices are based on stock’s free float market capitalization, the Nifty Financial Services 25/50
Index weights are further constrained such that no single stock shall be more than 25% and
aggregate weight of individual stocks greater than 5% shall not be more than 50% at the time of
rebalancing.

“Nifty Financial Services 25/50 Index takes into account investment limits of a Regulated
Investment Company (RIC) in the United States and thus offers an index alternative for RIC
complaint funds to launch passive funds on stocks in Indian Financial Services sector.” said
Mukesh Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd.

The base date for the index is January 01, 2004 and base value is 1000. The index composition is
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

Nifty Financial Services 25/50 index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. The index is
expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers looking for a reliable metric that measure the
performance of the Indian financial services stocks. The index is also expected to be reference
index which can be tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index
funds and structured products.


For more information on index methodology and factsheet,                      please visit    us     at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by
trading volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019 and
ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics
published by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the
largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every
year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising
exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds,
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of
innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products
and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally
enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both
trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants
and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets.
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio
of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY
equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices,
thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices
based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India
and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                        Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer              Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                                Mobile: +91-98195 49984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                          Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
