PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, April 19, 2023



                NSE Indices launches two new multi asset indices
     NSE Indices Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of NSE, today launched two new multi asset indices
     namely :
        1) Nifty Multi Asset – Equity : Arbitrage : REITs/InvITs (50:40:10)
        2) Nifty Multi Asset – Equity : Debt : Arbitrage : REITs/InvITs (50:20:20:10).

     The Nifty Multi Asset indices are designed to measure the performance of portfolios having exposure
     to multiple asset classes including equity, debt and REITs/InvITs coupled with arbitrage strategy (long-
     short strategy on Nifty 50 index) in varying proportions.

     The Nifty Multi Asset – Equity : Arbitrage : REITs/InvITs (50:40:10) index has 50% exposure to Nifty
     500 (Equity) , 40% exposure to Nifty 50 Arbitrage (Arbitrage) and 10% exposure to Nifty REITs &
     InvITs (REITs/InvITs) index.

     The Nifty Multi Asset – Equity : Debt : Arbitrage : REITs/InvITs (50:20:20:10) index has 50%
     exposure to Nifty 500 (Equity), 20% exposure to Nifty Medium Duration Debt index (Debt), 20%
     exposure to Nifty 50 Arbitrage (Arbitrage) and 10% exposure to the Nifty REITs & InvITs
     (REITs/InvITs) index.


     The Nifty Multi Asset indices have a base date of July 01, 2019 and a base value of 1000. The weights
     are rebalanced on a monthly basis on the 1st working day of the month.
     The indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in multi asset funds with exposure to
     equity and debt portfolio. These indices are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers.
     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com




                                                 Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2022. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.


For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:

NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and
customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government
of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment
products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index
based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                            Confidential
