     IISL
     India Index Services & Product Limited




                                                     Press Release

                                       IISL Launches NSE Quality 30 Index

         Index aims to capture the performance of stocks selected based on quality parameters



Mumbai - March 19, 2015 - India Index Services & Products Limited (IISL), a NSE group company,
today launched quality parameter based NSE Quality 30 index adding to the existing suite of its
strategy based indices.

The NSE Quality 30 index aims to reflect the performance of stocks of top 30 Quality companies
chosen from the pool of 100 large and liquid companies listed on NSE. Quality companies are
identified on the basis of quality score which is based on high return on equity (ROE), low debt-to-
equity ratio and year-on-year growth in profit after tax (PAT) over the last three years.


There has been an increase in demand for the strategy indices in the Indian market which is in line
with the practices in global investment community. Apart from complimenting other strategy based
IISL indices, NSE Quality 30 Index will serve as an ideal benchmark for investors looking to invest in
companies with durable business model resulting in sustained profits and high return on equity.

The NSE Quality 30 Index will be available for licensing for the launch of financial products such as
exchange traded fund and structured products.

The index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. For information on index methodology and
factsheet, please visit us at www.nseindia.com.




Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. India Tel: +91-22-2659 8386 Fax: +91-22-2659 8120
About IISL: IISL, a NSE group company, was setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and
index related services and products for the Indian capital markets. It maintains over 80 equity indices
comprising broad-based benchmark indices, sector indices and customized indices. Many investment
and risk management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past, within
India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange (SGX)
and Chicago Mercantile Exchange (CME) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds.

About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on technology,
innovation and high standards of governance and management practices. NSE's business practices,
product innovation and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the financial market
worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange traded financial products In India,
NSE’s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a benchmark as a national level economic parameter.
According to the World Federation of Exchanges’ ratings, NSE is the largest exchange in the world in
currency options and index options and third largest in cash market trade. Among the many
accolades won by the exchange, the very recent and the coveted CII-EXIM Bank Prize for Business
Excellence is recognition of this remarkable journey.



For further information or to speak to NSE spokespersons please contact: -

For West & East regions: Mr Arindam Saha, asaha@nse.co.in; 99300 19202

For North & South regions: Mrs Divya Malik Lahiri, dlahiri@nse.co.in 98110 51234



                                                           -End-




Exchange Plaza, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East), Mumbai – 400 051. India Tel: +91-22-2659 8386 Fax: +91-22-2659 8120
