PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, December 01, 2022

                        NSE Indices launches new Nifty BHARAT Bond Index
                                 •   Upcoming Bharat Bond ETF will track this index

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited has today launched one more index under the Nifty
     BHARAT Bond Index series.

     The BHARAT Bond Index series follows a Target Maturity Date structure wherein each index in the series
     measures the performance of a portfolio of AAA rated bonds issued by government owned entities maturing in
     a specific year. The following new index has been launched today within the Nifty BHARAT Bond Index series:

         •   Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2033

     The Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2033 has a base date of November 30, 2022 and a base value of 1000.
     It includes AAA rated bonds issued by government owned entities maturing within twelve month ending April
     18, 2033. The index will be rebalanced/reconstituted at the end of every calendar quarter.

     NSE Indices has so far launched the below Nifty BHARAT Bond indices with the corresponding index maturity
     dates:

      BHARAT Bond Index Name                                  Index Maturity Date           Index Launch Date
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2023                    April 15, 2023                December 05, 2019
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2025                    April 15, 2025                July 02, 2020
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2030                    April 15, 2030                December 05, 2019
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2031                    April 15, 2031                July 02, 2020
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2032                    April 15, 2032                December 01, 2021
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2033 (New)              April 18, 2033                December 01, 2022

     Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices, said, “The upcoming BHARAT Bond ETF which is sixth in the Bharat
     Bond ETF series will track the newly launched Nifty BHARAT Bond Index maturing in 2033. The first Bharat
     Bond ETFs tracking the Nifty Bharat Bond indices were launched in December 2019 with initial assets under
     management of around Rs 12,000 crores. Over past three years, the overall assets under management of all
     BHARAT Bond ETFs have now grown to more than Rs. 52,000 crores. The success of this product is due to the
     unique structure of the index with attributes such as high credit quality of issuers, high predictability of returns,
     liquidity as they are exchange traded and high tax-efficiency. The launch of the Bharat Bond ETFs has also
     opened up the target maturity date index funds category with overall assets under management of more than Rs
     1.30 lakh crore. Along with existing five target maturity indices, the launch of the new Bharat Bond index
     maturing in 2033 will provide more investment choices to fixed income investors and will help create a ladder
     structure of various maturities.”

     For more     information    on    index     methodology              and      factsheet,     please     visit     us
     at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2021. NSE is
ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by the World
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in
India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.
NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement
services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a
culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on the
index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE,
including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices,
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and
hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a
number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
