NSE   NIFTY
Indices
Press Release
September18,2018
Replacement in NIFTY 10 Year SDL Index
following replacement in the NIFTY 1o Year SDL Index. The change shall become
effective from September 19, 2018.
Following security is being included:
Sr. No.   NISI   State   Coupon   Maturity Date
1   IN1520180119   Gujarat   8.70%   19-Sep-28
Following security is being excluded:
Sr. No.   ISIN   State   Coupon   Maturity Date
1   IN2220170103   Maharashtra   7.33%   13-Sep-27
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NsE):
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in
India and the third largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares in 2017,
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen based trading. It began
operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of
total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on
SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings,
trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds,
technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the
exchange. NsE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance
of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE
believes that the scale and breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership
positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly
reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and
non-trading businesses to provide high quality data and services to market
participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com

NSE   NIFTY
Indices
Press Release
About NsE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL),
a subsidiary of NsE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the
capital markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company
owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the
flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises broad-based benchmark
indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices.
The company also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many
investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange
Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and
exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public
offer of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December
is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers, Citigroup
Global   Markets   India   Private   Limited   at
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM  Financial
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/,
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings
Limited at www.iflcap.com. Potential investors should note that investment in equity
shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see “Risk
Factors" beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on
the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act"), and may not be
offered or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from
registration under the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities
referred to herein in the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in
the United States.

NSE   NIFTY
Indices
Press Release
For any clarifications please contact:
Debojyoti Chatterjee
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations
Mobile:+91-9833368337
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in
Kumar Kartikey
Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile:+91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in

