NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
PRESSRELEASE
Mumbai,July 12,2023
NsE Indices launches two new fixed income indices
NSE's index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new constant
maturity fixed income indices namely Nifty 3 Year SDL Index and Nifty 5 Year SDL Index.
Nifty 3 Year SDL Index seeks to measure the performance of a portfolio of State
Development Loans (SDLs) with residual maturities between 2.5 to 3.5 years. Nifty 5 Year
SDL Index seeks to measure the performance of a portfolio of State Development Loans
(SDLs) with residual maturities between 4.25 to 5.75 years.
Each index contains SDLs issued by 3 states/UTs selected based on their composite score
of primary issuances and outstanding amount during the previous month. The indices
capture the total return, including price return and coupon return, on the underlying SDL
portfolio.
The indices have a base date of April 02, 2014, and a base value of 1000. The indices will
be reconstituted and rebalanced on a monthly basis.
The indices are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference
index tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds
and structured products.
Formore information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us
at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.

NSE   India@
A guiding light,
Indices   shining bright
About NsE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
 o o u      e   do  s
manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NsE, including the flagship index, the
Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices,
strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also
maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty
indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives
traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID:cc@nse.co.in

