                                 PRESS RELEASE
      Launch of UTI India Sovereign Bond ETF
UTI International Limited (UTI International) has launched an Indian Government bond ETF
– listed on the Amsterdam Stock Exchange (AEX) on 8th November 2021.

UTI India Sovereign Bond ETF tracks the performance of the Nifty India Select 7
Government Bond Index, which comprises of top 7 most-liquid, local currency sovereign
bonds issued by the Central Government of India. The index has been specifically created by
NSE Indices, India’s leading index provider. The index methodology is uniquely designed for
global investors considering favorable factors such as high secondary market liquidity, high
unutilized limits for Foreign Portfolio Investors (FPIs) and also giving preference to
government bonds categorized under the Fully Accessible Route (FAR) by RBI. BofA
Securities has provided seed capital and has been appointed as Authorized Participant.

The UTI India Sovereign Bond ETF is domiciled in Ireland and structured in compliance
with the European regulatory framework of UCITS (Undertaking for Collective Investments
in Transferable Securities). The investment manager of the ETF is UTI International, the
Singapore based subsidiary of UTI Asset Management Company (UTI AMC). This ETF will
allow global investors to access India’s vibrant government securities market without having
to deal with the complex access procedures typically associated with Indian fixed income. As
India becomes increasingly relevant on the global investment landscape, investors will seek
Indian yield in addition to equity returns. While India is presently not included in global fixed
income benchmarks, this ETF could mark an inflection point in recognition of India’s bond
markets.

Mr. Imtaiyazur Rahman, CEO of UTI AMC said, “UTI has had a history of launching
innovative products and this ETF will connect Indian fixed income markets with the world
and drive global investments to India. We are proud to have partnered with NSE Indices and
BofA Securities to bring this ETF to life.”

Mr. Vikram Limaye, MD & CEO of NSE said, “NSE firmly believes that innovation in financial
products is important for the development of Indian capital markets. We are delighted to
have partnered with UTI on this landmark product at the intersection of yield and liquidity
– two key variables for global investors. This is an important stepping stone towards
attracting global money in Indian government securities market through the ETF route.”
Mr. Jayesh Mehta, Managing Director & Country Treasurer at Bank of America N.A.,
India said: “India is one of the last remaining large investment grade rated economies whose
sovereign bonds are under-owned by institutional investors. The ETF structure will likely
raise market awareness of Indian sovereign bonds as an asset class and improve
accessibility at a time when global investors are seeking to diversify yield opportunities”

Salient features of the UTI India Sovereign Bond ETF

   •   Listing exchange: Euronext Amsterdam AEX initially and then possibly other
       exchanges in Europe & Asia

   •   Ticker: UIGB for USD and EIGB for Euro

   •   Benchmark index: Nifty India Select 7 Government Bond Index. This is a new index
       comprising the top 7 most liquid securities issued by Central Government of India
       (GOI) having residual maturities of more than 2 years.

   •   Index provider: NSE Indices Limited, a 100% subsidiary of National Stock Exchange
       of India. NSE Indices owns the Nifty brand

   •   Settlement : Euroclear

   •   Administrator & Global Custodian : Citibank, Ireland

UTI Group

UTI Asset Management Company Limited (UTI AMC) is the Investment Manager to UTI
Mutual Fund. UTI AMC is registered as a Portfolio Manager with SEBI and through its
subsidiaries it acts as Fund Manager for AIFs, among others. It manages assets in excess of
USD 160 Billion as of 30th September 2021, under Mutual Funds, Portfolio Management
Services, International & Offshore Funds, Retirement (NPS) Funds and Alternate Investment
Funds across public and private markets in India.

UTI International, headquartered in Singapore, represents the offshore interests of UTI
Group. UTI International manages funds structures domiciled in Ireland, Singapore,
Mauritius, Cayman Islands and Dubai. Its clients are global financial institutions spread
across 37 countries. For more details, please visit www.utifunds.com and www.utimf.com
NSE Indices

NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and
manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index,
the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral
indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also
maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY
indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives
traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds
and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Bank of America

Bank of America is one of the world’s leading financial institutions, serving individual
consumers, small and middle-market businesses and large corporations with a full range of
banking, investing, asset management and other financial and risk management products
and services. The company provides unmatched convenience in the United States, serving
approximately 66 million consumer and small business clients with approximately 4,300
retail financial centers, approximately 17,000 ATMs, and award-winning digital banking
with approximately 41 million active users, including approximately 32 million mobile
users. Bank of America is a global leader in wealth management, corporate and investment
banking and trading across a broad range of asset classes, serving corporations,
governments, institutions and individuals around the world. Bank of America offers
industry-leading support to approximately 3 million small business households through a
suite of innovative, easy-to-use online products and services. The company serves clients
through operations across the United States, its territories and approximately 35 countries.
Bank of America Corporation stock (NYSE: BAC) is listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

Date: 9th November 2021

Place: Mumbai

Mutual Fund Investments are subject to Market Risk. Read all Scheme Documents
carefully
