PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 06, 2024


                        NSE Indices launches two new thematic indices
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new thematic indices
     namely, Nifty500 Multicap India Manufacturing 50:30:20 index and Nifty500 Multicap
     Infrastructure 50:30:20 index.
     The Nifty500 Multicap India Manufacturing 50:30:20 aims to track the performance of select large
     cap, mid cap and small cap stocks from the Nifty 500 index that represent the manufacturing theme.
     The Nifty500 Multicap Infrastructure 50:30:20 Index aims to track the performance of select large
     cap, mid cap and small cap stocks from the Nifty 500 index that represents the infrastructure theme.

     In both the thematic indices, the weight of stocks is based on stock’s free float market capitalization
     with overall weight to large cap segment fixed at 50%, mid-cap segment fixed at 30% and small cap
     segment fixed at 20%. The weight of each stock in the index is capped at 10%.
     The base date for these indices is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. Indices are reconstituted
     on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

     The indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers and reference indices tracked by
     passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
     www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment
products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-
based derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a
number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked
and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
