                                                                       December 16, 2015

                                   PRESS RELEASE

     NSE’s group company IISL Launches Nifty Corporate Group Index Series

     Index aims to reflect performance of companies belonging to a corporate group

Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), - a subsidiary of India‟s leading
stock exchange NSE, in its endeavor to expand the suit of indices for Indian capital
market, has today launched indices on 3 corporate groups in India namely - Tata
Group, Aditya Birla Group and Mahindra Group.

Nifty Tata Group Index: The index consists of 25 companies across 12 sectors. The
market capitalization of this index is about Rs. 7,51,160 crores which is 7.83% of the
total market capitalization of companies listed on NSE. Additional series of Tata
Group namely „Nifty Tata Group 25% Cap‟ based on free float market capitalization
with 10 constituents capped at 25% is also being launched.

Nifty Aditya Birla Group Index: The index consists of 8 companies across 7 sectors.
The market capitalization of this index is about Rs. 2,08,170 crores which is 2.17% of
the total market capitalization of companies listed on NSE.

Nifty Mahindra Group Index: The index consists of 7 companies across 6 sectors.
The market capitalization of this index is about Rs.1,64,580 crores which is 1.71% of
the total market capitalization of companies listed on NSE.

“The corporate group indices are designed to reflect performance of companies
belonging to the respective corporate groups. These indices are based on full market
capitalization method and will include all the companies of the respective groups listed
on NSE. In future, IISL may come up with indices on other corporate groups and third
party products can be built on such indices” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, IISL.

The base date of these indices is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. These indices
will be maintained by IISL and calculated on an end-of-day basis. The closing values
of these indices would be available on www.nseindia.com.


For more details, contact:
Arindam Saha
Head - Corporate Communications
cc@nse.co.in
Mo: 09930019202 | Direct: 022 – 2659 8164
Twitter: @NSEIndia

About NSE: In its 20 year history, NSE has transformed the capital market, based on
technology, innovation, high standards of governance and management practices.
NSE's business practices and high levels of integrity have earned it the trust of the
financial markets worldwide. Besides being a platform of choice for all exchange
traded financial products in India, NSE‟s flagship index, the Nifty 50, has become a
benchmark national level economic parameter. Since inception, the exchange has been
covered extensively by global media and has won many accolades as recognition of
this remarkable journey.

About IISL: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a NSE group company, was
setup in May 1998 to provide a variety of indices and index related services for the
capital markets. IISL is India's first specialised company focused upon the index as a
core product. IISL maintains more than 100 equity indices comprising broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices and customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India bonds. Many investment and risk
management products based on IISL indices have been developed in the recent past,
within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE,
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX), Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME) and Osaka
Exchange Inc. (OSE) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.

                                        END
