NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today published its first Nifty Alternative
Investment Fund (AIF) Benchmark Report.
The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report aims to provide the users insights into the aggregate historical
performance of various categories of AIFs in India. This report will help the investors in comparing
historical performances of various AIFs with their respective benchmarks and with public market
indices like Nifty 50, Nifty 100 and Nifty 500 etc., where applicable.
The Nifty AIF Benchmarks have been created for each of the three AIF categories (Cat I, Cat II and
Cat III) based on performance data as of March 31, 2021. The benchmarks for Cat I and Cat II funds
are further segregated based on their vintage years. Going forward, the Nifty AIF benchmark report
will be published on a semi-annual basis based on data as of end of March and September.
“Alternative Investment Funds or AIFs is rapidly evolving as an alternate investment vehicle for the
more informed investor class. NSE Indices has thus launched a suite of AIF benchmarks to measure
and evaluate performance of various categories of AIFs. Availability of such benchmark reports will
help investors make appropriate and informed investment decisions into AIFs. Going forward, we plan
to increase our coverage of the AIF scheme universe, provide more granular benchmarks for sub-
categories of AIF schemes and more detailed analytics in future editions of this report.” said Mukesh
Agarwal, CEO – NSE Indices Ltd.
The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report will appeal to Wealth Managers, Family Offices, Asset Managers,
and Corporate Treasuries amongst other investors.
The report can be accessed at www.niftyindices.com and www.nseindia.com




                                           Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per
the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE
was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations
in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily
turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated
business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services,
indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also
oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and
regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability
and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.

For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Chief Manager, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                           Confidential
