       IISL
       INDIA INDEX SERVICES & PRODUCTS LIMITED
        (A joint venture of NSE & CRISIL)


                                      PRESS RELEASE

                             LAUNCH OF NEW INDICES

In continuation of its efforts to develop indices that meet the requirements of market
participants, IISL proposes to launch the following Indices:


CNX 200 Index:


The CNX 200 Index is designed to reflect the behaviour and performance of the top 200
companies measured by free float market capitalization.


Methodology:
The CNX 200 Index is computed using free float market capitalization method with a base
date of January 1, 2004 indexed to a base value of 1000.


Selection Criteria:
The criteria for the CNX 200 Index include the following:
   1. Top 300 companies ranked on average free-float market capitalization and aggregate
       turnover for the last 6 months form part of the eligible universe for selection of
       companies in the index.
   2. The company’s trading frequency should be at least 90% in the last six months.
   3. The company should have reported positive net worth.
   4. The company should have minimum investable weight factor (IWF) of at least 10%.
   5. The company should have a listing history of 6 months. A company which comes out
       with an IPO will be eligible for inclusion in the index, if it fulfills the normal
       eligibility criteria for the index for a period of 3 months instead of a period of 6
       months.
   6. Final selection of 200 companies shall be done based on the free-float market
       capitalization of the companies.
   7. The review will be carried out on a semi-annual basis.
CNX Media Index:


The Indian Media & Entertainment industry is one of the fastest growing sectors in India.
With new technologies and digitalization of services, companies in these sectors have
brought in more growth. The CNX Media Index reflects the performance of such companies
which form part of the Media & Entertainment sector including printing and publishing.


Methodology:
The CNX Media Index is computed using the free float market capitalization method with a
base value of 1000. The base date for CNX Media Index is December 30, 2005.


Selection Criteria:
The criteria for the CNX Media Index include the following:
   1. Companies must rank within the top 500 companies by average free-float market
       capitalisation and aggregate turnover for the last six months.
   2. The company's trading frequency should be at least 90% in the last 6 months.
   3. The company should have reported a positive net worth.
   4. The company should have a listing history of 6 months. A company which comes out
       with an IPO will be eligible for inclusion in the index, if it fulfills the normal
       eligibility criteria for the index for a 3 month period instead of a 6 month period.
   5. Final selection of 15 companies for the index shall be done based on the free-float
       market capitalization of the companies.
   6. The review will take place on a semi-annual basis.


The indices will be maintained by IISL & calculated on an end-of-day basis. The indices will
be launched with effect from July 19, 2011. The closing values of these indices would be
available on www.nseindia.com.


Place: Mumbai


Date: July 18, 2011
