       IISL
       INDIA INDEX SERVICES & PRODUCTS LIMITED
        (A joint venture of NSE & CRISIL)


                                      PRESS RELEASE

                              LAUNCH OF NEW INDICES

In continuation of its efforts to develop indices that meet the requirements of market
participants, IISL proposes to launch the following Indices:


   1. CNX Consumption Index
   2. CNX Auto Index
   3. CNX Metal Index


CNX Consumption Index


The CNX Consumption Index is designed to reflect the behaviour and performance of a
diversified portfolio of companies representing the domestic consumption sector.


Methodology:
The index is calculated using free float market capitalization methodology with a base date of
January 2, 2006 indexed to a base value of 1000. The index is capped at a stock level of 10%
i.e. no individual stock should have a weightage of more than 10% in the index at any given
point of time.


Selection Criteria:
The criteria for the CNX Consumption Index include the following:
   1. Companies must rank within the top 500 companies ranked by average free-float
       market capitalization and aggregate turnover for the last six months.
   2. More than 50% of the company’s revenue must come from domestic markets (other
       than export income).
   3. The company’s trading frequency should be at least 90% in the last six months.
   4. The company should have reported a positive net worth.
   5. The company should have an investable weight factor (IWF) of at least 10%.
   6. The company should have a listing history of 6 months. A company which comes out
        with an IPO will be eligible for inclusion in the index, if it fulfills the normal
        eligibility criteria for the index for a 3 month period instead of a 6 month period.
   7. Final selection of 30 companies shall be done based on the free-float market
        capitalization of the companies.
   8. The review will be carried out on a semi-annual basis.


CNX Auto Index and CNX Metal Index:


These Sectoral Indices are designed to indicate of the performance of the respective
underlying sectors viz. Automobiles and Metals (including Mining) respectively.


Methodology:
The Sectoral Indices are computed using the free float market capitalization method with a
base value of 1000. The base date for CNX Auto Index and CNX Metal Index is January 1,
2004.


Selection Criteria:
The criteria for the Sectoral Indices include the following:
   1. Companies must rank within the top 500 companies by average free-float market
        capitalisation and aggregate turnover for the last six months.
   2. The company's trading frequency should be at least 90% in the last 6 months.
   3. The company should have reported a positive net worth.
   4. The company should have a listing history of 6 months. A company which comes out
        with an IPO will be eligible for inclusion in the index, if it fulfills the normal
        eligibility criteria for the index for a 3 month period instead of a 6 month period.
   5. Final selection of 15 companies for each index (within the respective sectors) shall be
        done based on the free-float market capitalization of the companies.
   6. The review will take place on a semi-annual basis.


The indices will be maintained by IISL & calculated on an end-of-day basis. The indices will
be launched with effect from July 12, 2011. The closing values of these indices would be
available on www.nseindia.com.


Place: Mumbai
Date: July 11, 2011
