                                                                            December 05, 2019

       NSE Indices launches Nifty BHARAT Bond Index Series
                      Bharat Bond ETFs will track these Indices

Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited has today launched the Nifty
BHARAT Bond Index series.

The Nifty BHARAT Bond Index series measures the performance of portfolio of AAA rated
bonds issued by government owned entities maturing in a specific year. Following are the first
two indices within Nifty BHARAT Bond Index series:

      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2023
      Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2030

“Innovation in financial products is important for the development of markets. NSE has always
been at the forefront of financial innovations and takes pride in working with Department of
Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM), Government of India and other
stakeholders in developing the unique BHARAT Bond Index series that will be tracked by
India’s maiden corporate bond ETF – BHARAT Bond ETF announced by the Honorable
Finance Minister Smt. Nirmala Sitharaman.” said Vikram Limaye, MD & CEO, NSE.

Mukesh Agarwal, CEO - NSE Indices, said, “The Nifty BHARAT Bond Indices are first of its
kind following a unique target maturity structure where the index matures in a particular year
just like a bond. Each such index captures performance of portfolio of highly rated public sector
bonds with “AAA” rating and maturing in a specific year. With high credit quality issuers, very
low fund management fees, exchange traded, tax-efficiency and high predictability of returns,
the Target Maturity Based ETFs have the potential to change the way retail investors invest in
fixed income markets.”


The indices have a base date of November 29, 2019 and a base value of 1000. The indices will
be rebalanced/reconstituted at the end of every calendar quarter.


For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018,
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages
a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50.
Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectorial indices, strategy
indices, thematic indices and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded
funds. The flagship 'Nifty50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:
Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
