PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 25, 2025



                   NSE Indices launches two new target maturity indices
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new target maturity indices
     namely – Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Mar 2028 Index and Nifty AAA Bond Plus G-Sec Mar
     2035 30:70 Index.
     Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Mar 2028 Index and Nifty AAA Bond Plus G-Sec Mar 2035 30:70
     Index follows a target maturity structure with a maturity date of March 31, 2028 and March 30, 2035
     respectively.
     Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Mar 2028 Index measures the performance of portfolio of AAA
     rated bonds issued by Public Financial Institutions, Housing Finance Companies, Non-Banking
     Financial Companies and Private Sector Banks maturing during the six month period ending March 31,
     2028. Nifty AAA Bond Plus G-Sec Mar 2035 30:70 Index measures the performance of portfolio of
     AAA rated bonds issued by Public Sector Undertakings, Housing Finance Companies, Non-Banking
     Financial Companies and Corporates and Government securities maturing during the twelve month
     period ending March 30, 2035.
     Nifty AAA Financial Services Bond Mar 2028 Index has a base date of February 24, 2025 and Nifty
     AAA Bond Plus G-Sec Mar 2035 30:70 Index has a base date of January 01, 2025. Both indices have
     a base value of 1000 and will be reviewed semi-annually. Securities selected in each index are given
     equal weight as of the base date.
     The new indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target
     maturity theme. They are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index
     tracked by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
     products.
     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
