                                          PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, January 28, 2022



       NSE Indices launches Nifty SDL Apr 2027 Top 12 Equal Weight Index
              and Nifty SDL Apr 2032 Top 12 Equal Weight Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new indices – Nifty SDL
      Apr 2027 Top 12 Equal Weight Index and Nifty SDL Apr 2032 Top 12 Equal Weight Index

      Both the indices follow a target maturity structure with maturity dates of April 30, 2027 and April 30,
      2032 for the two indices. The index portfolios have 100% allocation to State Development Loans
      (SDLs). Nifty SDL Apr 2027 Top 12 Equal Weight Index has constituent SDLs maturing during the
      twelve month period ending April 30, 2027 and Nifty SDL Apr 2032 Top 12 Equal Weight Index has
      constituent SDLs maturing during the twelve month period ending April 30, 2032.

      Both the indices have a base date of January 27, 2022 and a base value of 1000. The indices will be
      reviewed at the end of every calendar quarter.

      The indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with the target
      maturity theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.

      For more    information    on index      methodology          and    factsheet,    please    visit   us
      at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com/
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:

Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication

Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
