PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 15, 2026



                                NSE Indices launches 11 sectoral indices


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched 11 new sectoral indices namely:
         1) Nifty Power
         2) Nifty Capital Goods
         3) Nifty Telecommunications
         4) Nifty Construction
         5) Nifty Consumer Services
         6) Nifty Commercial & Transport Services
         7) Nifty Retail
         8) Nifty Hospitals
         9) Nifty NBFC
         10) Nifty Housing Finance
         11) Nifty Insurance

      This expanded suite of sector indices offers a more comprehensive and granular coverage across
      established and emerging sectors. The launch of these 11 indices takes the total count of sectoral indices
      to 34, enhancing the breadth and depth of sectoral representation across India’s economy.
      The new indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers and be reference indices tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheets, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com
      or www.nseindia.com.




                                                Non-Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                        Non-Confidential
