NSE   NIFTYL
Indices
Press Release
NSEIndia ETF Conference 2018
Debt, Equity ETF AUMs witness 10 fold jump in 3 years to INR 89,515 crore as October 31, 2018
NiftyIndicescommand 76%marketshare in ETFAUM
Mumbai, December 03, 2018: National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) India's leading stock
exchange, today organized the'India ETF Conference 2018'in Mumbai. The objective of this conference
is to bring together various stake holders from the ETF space, including domestic & international
experts, to exchange thoughts and help facilitate growth of the Indian ETF industry.
appreciate NSE's efforts in creating awareness about ETFs. With such efforts, retail investors'
participation in ETFs is expected to rise further. ETF route shall now be increasingly used by various
stake-holders including by the government to continue monetising their holdings in Public Sector
 n o o  ,          e o 
prospects of ETFs in India and is closely working with all stakeholders to further develop ETF market in
India. ETF is a low cost investment product and provides easy diversification. We believe that education
and awareness amongst retail investors about these benefits of investing through ETFs will increase
association with the capital markets regulator SEBI."
"Likewise, availability of relevant market representative indices plays a pivotal role in furthering ETF
growth. It has been our endeavor to develop innovative indices representing various investment
strategies covering multiple asset classes. NIFTY indices are the most preferred benchmarks for ETFs
in India. Government's initiative to use ETFs for disinvestment and EPFO's investment in equity through
ETFs have been the key enablers for the growth of this low cost investment product in the country. We
expect the Indian ETF asset size to grow multi-fold over the next few years and cross INR 1 Lakh cr
The First ETF in India was launched in December 2001 which was benchmarked to the NIFTY 50 index,
both in terms of total AUM and number of ETFs. The Asset under Management (AUM) of Domestic Equity
& Debt ETFs has grown at a stellar rate of ~28% per annum over the last 11 years. Over the same period,
numberofDebtandEquity ETFshaveincreased10xfrom6to60.Growthpost2014hasbeenextra-
ordinary where the AUM has grown 19x. In Oct 2018, equity and debt ETF AUM in India was INR 89,515
 x             - 
from September 2015 when it was INR 8,920 cr. Global ETF AUM has grown at a rate of 19% per annum
between 2009-2017 crossing USD 5 trillion recently.
on October 31, 2018, there are 43 ETFs based on 17 NIFTY Indices with an overall AUM of INR 68,409
November 30, 2018, 10 ETFs linked to NIFTY indices are listed on 17 global exchanges across 15
countries including USA, UK, Europe, Hong Kong, Taiwan, Japan, South Korea, Singapore etc.

NSE   NIFTYL
Indices
was the key-note speaker for the conference. Other dignitaries who were present on this occasion
includedMrAbdel Bizid,Head ofiShares Product,Platformand Markets,Asia Pacific;Mr Matthieu
Guignard, Global head of product development and capital markets, Amundi; and various other industry
leaders and practitioners.
There were two panel discussions during the conference - the first one focused on “Indian ETF industry:
Growth Trajectory, Challenges and Way Forward". The second panel emphasized on “Smart Beta ETFs:
Global landscape and growth potential in India".
AboutNationalStockExchangeofIndiaLimited(NSE):
The National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NsE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the second
largest in the world by nos.of trades in equity shares from January to June 2018,according to World
Federation of Exchanges(WFE)report. NSE was the first exchange in India toimplement electronic or
screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India
in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.
NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and
NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with therules and regulations of the
through acultureofinnovation and investmentintechnology.NSEbelieves that thescaleandbreadthof
globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both
clients.
For moreinformation,pleasevisit:www.nseindia.com
AboutNSEIndicesLimited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd.-IISL),a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 5O. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and Taiwan Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index
 se papen pue paoen apim st xapu! os hiern, dsuse aui spune pape aueoxa pue spun
benchmarkforIndianCapital Markets.
For more information,pleasevisit:www.niftyindices.com

NSE   NIFTYL
Indices
Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt of requisite
approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public offer of its equity shares and has
filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December 28, 2016 ("DRHP") with Securities and Exchange
Board of India ("SEBI").The DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the
Managers,   Citigroup   Global   Markets   India   Private   Limited   at
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm, JM Financial Institutional Securities
Limited   at   www.jmfl.com,   Kotak   Mahindra   Capital   Company   Limited   at
http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan  Stanley India Company Private Limited   at
http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/,   HDFC   Bank   Limited   at
www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at
www.idfcbank.com and IIFL Holdings Limited at www.iflcap.com. Potential investors should note that
investment in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see“Risk
Factors" beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely on the DRHP filed with
SEBI formakinganyinvestmentdecision.
Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the U.s. Securities Act of
1933, as amended (the “Securities Act"), and may not be offered or sold in the United States absent
registrationor anexemption fromregistrationundertheSecuritiesAct.Thereis nointention toregister
anysecuritiesreferred tohereinintheUnited States or tomakeapublicofferingof thesecuritiesin the
United States.
For anyclarificationspleasecontact:
KumarKartikey
SeniorManager,CorporateCommunication
Mobile:+91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in

