                                                                  Date: January 5, 2018

                                  PRESS RELEASE

Revision of criteria and Renaming of NIFTY Midcap & NIFTY Smallcap indices
                          and Cessation of two indices

Mumbai: India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a group company of NSE, in its
endeavor to align with industry best practices, today announced revision in the stock
selection criteria and renaming of NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 and NIFTY Free float
Smallcap 100 indices. It also announced cessation of NIFTY Full Midcap 100 and
NIFTY Full Smallcap 100 indices as detailed hereunder:

A. Renaming of Indices:

Effective April 2, 2018, NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 and NIFTY Free float Smallcap
100 indices will be renamed as NIFTY Midcap 100 and NIFTY Smallcap 100
respectively.

B. Revision in stock selection criteria:
1. NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 (To be renamed as NIFTY Midcap 100 index):

Existing Criteria                         Revised Criteria
 Companies within the range of 75th to  The index will include all the
   90th percentile based on average free-    companies from NIFTY Midcap 50.
   float market capitalization are ranked  Remaining 50 companies will be
   in the descending order of average        selected based on average daily
   daily turnover for the last six months    turnover from NIFTY Midcap 150
   for final selection of 100 companies.     index.

2. NIFTY Free float Smallcap 100 (To be renamed as NIFTY Smallcap 100
   index):

Existing Criteria                         Revised Criteria
 Companies within the range of 90 to  The index will include all the
                                      th

   95th percentile based on average free-    companies from NIFTY Smallcap 50.
   float market capitalization are ranked  Remaining companies will be selected
   in the descending order of average        based on average daily turnover from
   daily turnover for the last six months    top 150 companies selected based on
   for final selection of 100 companies.     full market capitalisation from NIFTY
                                             Smallcap 250 index.

3. NIFTY 200: The index represent the combined movement in large and
   midcap stocks.

Existing Criteria                  Revised Criteria
 NIFTY 200 will include all the  NIFTY 200 will include all the
   companies forming part of NIFTY    companies forming part of NIFTY
                                                                                    1
   100 and NIFTY Full Midcap 100                100 and NIFTY Midcap 100 index
   index.                                       (NIFTY Free float Midcap 100 index).

For detailed stock selection criteria of broad market indices, please refer to the
methodology document.

The revision in stock selection criteria shall be applicable with effect from the semi-
annual index review to be conducted & announced in February 2018. The changes in
the index composition shall come into effect from April 2, 2018. It may be noted that
the revision in stock selection criteria may result into a one-time change in the
composition of these indices. There shall be no change in the historical values of these
indices.

C. Discontinuation of two indices:

IISL also announces cessation of NIFTY Full Midcap 100 and NIFTY Full Smallcap
100 index with effect from April 2, 2018 (close of March 28, 2018).


About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

The National Stock Exchange (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
fifth largest in the world by equity trading volume Year to Date (YTD), according to
World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) data as on August 2017. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations
in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.

NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising our exchange listings, trading
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology
solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading
and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.

NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its
systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes
that the scale and breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions
across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to
market demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non-trading
businesses to provide high-quality data and services to market participants and clients.

For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com

About India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL):

India Index Services & Products Ltd. (IISL), a subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of
indices and index related services for the capital markets. IISL focuses on the index as
a core product. IISL owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand
of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. IISL equity Indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and
customised indices. IISL also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of
                                                                                      2
India securities, corporate bonds and money market instruments. Many investment
products based on IISL indices have been developed within India and abroad. These
include index based derivatives traded on NSE, Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX),
Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. (CME), Osaka Exchange Inc. (OSE), Taiwan
Futures Exchange (TAIFEX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds.
The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for
Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Disclaimer: National Stock Exchange of India Limited is proposing, subject to receipt
of requisite approvals, market conditions and other considerations, an initial public
offer of its equity shares and has filed a draft red herring prospectus dated December
28, 2016 (“DRHP”) with Securities and Exchange Board of India (“SEBI”). The
DRHP is available on the website of SEBI as well as on website of the Managers,
Citigroup        Global        Markets        India        Private       Limited        at
http://www.online.citibank.co.in/rhtm/citigroupglobalscreen1.htm,        JM     Financial
Institutional Securities Limited at www.jmfl.com, Kotak Mahindra Capital Company
Limited at http://www.investmentbank.kotak.com, Morgan Stanley India Company
Private Limited at http://www.morganstanley.com/about-us/global-offices/india/,
HDFC Bank Limited at www.hdfcbank.com, ICICI Securities Limited at
www.icicisecurities.com, IDFC Bank Limited at www.idfcbank.com and IIFL
Holdings Limited at www.iiflcap.com. Potential investors should note that investment
in equity shares involves a high degree of risk and for details relating to such risk, see
“Risk Factors” beginning on page 19 of the DRHP. Potential investors should not rely
on the DRHP filed with SEBI for making any investment decision.

Any securities referred to herein have not been and will not be registered under the
U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the “Securities Act”), and may not be offered
or sold in the United States absent registration or an exemption from registration under
the Securities Act. There is no intention to register any securities referred to herein in
the United States or to make a public offering of the securities in the United States.

For any clarifications please contact:

Debojyoti Chatterjee
Head, Corporate Communication & Media Relations
Mobile: +91-9833368337
Email id: dchatterjee@nse.co.in / cc@nse.co.in

Kumar Kartikey
Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in




                                                                                        3
