PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 19, 2024

                          NSE Indices launches Nifty IPO Index
      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index – Nifty
      IPO.

      The Nifty IPO Index aims to track the performance of the last 100 IPOs listed on NSE main board. The
      weight of the stocks in the index is based on free float market capitalization subject to a stock cap of
      10%.

      The base date for the index is January 02, 2017, and the base value is 1000. The index is reviewed and
      reconstituted quarterly.

      The index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and a reference index tracked by passive
      funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.

      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com



      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
