                                         PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, August 16, 2021



                 NSE Indices launches Nifty India Manufacturing Index
               Index tracks a portfolio of stocks representing the manufacturing theme in India

      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new index – Nifty India
      Manufacturing Index.

      The Nifty India Manufacturing Index aims to track the performance of stocks that represent
      manufacturing sectors in India. The stocks are selected from a combined universe of Nifty 100, Nifty
      Midcap 150 and Nifty Smallcap 50 index. A stock’s weight in the Nifty India Manufacturing index is
      based on its free-float market capitalization subject to maximum weight of each stock at 5%. The index
      also has a minimum weight of 20% to certain manufacturing sectors.

      The launch of Nifty India Manufacturing index provides a targeted coverage to stocks engaging in
      manufacturing activities. The index includes stocks from industries that represent India’s
      manufacturing theme within sectors such as Automobiles, Chemicals, Construction, Consumer Goods,
      Fertilizers & Pesticides, Healthcare (equipment), Oil & Gas, Paper & Jute, Pharma, Industrial
      Manufacturing, Metals, Telecom, and Textiles. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers
      and be a reference index tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index
      funds and structured products.

      The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. Index reconstitution and
      rebalancing are both done on a semi-annual basis. The index will be calculated on an end-of-day
      basis.

      For more    information on index         methodology         and    factsheet,    please    visit   us
      at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com




                                                 Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in
technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation
and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                       Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer             Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                                Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                         Email id: kumark@nse.co.in



                                           Confidential
