PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, October 25, 2024



               NSE Indices launches Nifty India New Age Consumption Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index –Nifty
      India New Age Consumption.
      The Nifty India New Age Consumption index tracks the performance of stocks from the Nifty 500 that
      cater to the discretionary and aspirational spending of the new generation. It also provides insights into
      the evolving preferences that define modern consumer behavior in a rapidly changing market by
      focusing on basic industries such as Passenger Cars & Utility Vehicles, 2/3 Wheelers, Gems, Jewellery
      And Watches, Hotels & Resorts, Financial Technology (Fintech) etc.
      The index comprises a maximum of 75 stocks. The weight of the stocks in the index is based on their
      free-float market capitalization. Sector weights are capped at 25% each and stock weights are capped
      at 5% each
      The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
      semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.




      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
