            NSE Indices launches new Nifty BHARAT Bond Index
                         •   Upcoming Bharat Bond ETF will track this index


NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited has today launched one more index under the
Nifty BHARAT Bond Index series.

The BHARAT Bond Index series follows a Target Maturity Date structure wherein each index in the
series measures the performance of a portfolio of AAA rated bonds issued by government owned
entities maturing in a specific year. The following new index has been launched today within the Nifty
BHARAT Bond Index series:

   •   Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2032

In December 2019, NSE Indices launched the first two indices in the BHARAT Bond Index series with
maturities in April 2023 and April 2030, and in July 2020, further two indices with maturities in April
2025 and April 2031 were launched.

Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices, said, “The upcoming BHARAT Bond ETF which is fifth in
the series will track the newly launched Nifty BHARAT Bond Index maturing in 2032 and will provide
more investment choices to fixed income investors. The Target Maturity Based ETFs are appealing for
both the retail and institutional investors due to high credit quality of issuers, liquidity as they are
exchange traded, high predictability of returns, tax-efficiency, and very low fund management fees.
The existing four BHARAT Bond ETFs managed an overall AUM of more than Rs. 37000 crores as
on November 30, 2021.”

The Nifty BHARAT Bond Index – April 2032 has a base date of November 30, 2021 and a base value
of 1000. The index will be rebalanced/reconstituted at the end of every calendar quarter.


For more    information    on index      methodology          and    factsheet,    please    visit   us
at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year
2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com/
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises
of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the
benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
For any clarifications please contact:

Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer

Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication

Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
