PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 02, 2023



                               NSE Indices launches Nifty SDL Jul 2033 Index

        NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new target maturity index Nifty SDL
        Jul 2033 Index.

        The Nifty SDL Jul 2033 Index follows a target maturity structure with maturity date of July 29, 2033. It
        includes State Development Loans maturing twelve month ending July 29, 2033.
        The Nifty SDL Jul 2033 Index has a base date of January 31, 2023, and a base value of 1000. The index will
        be reviewed semi-annually.
        The index is expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target maturity theme. It
        is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by passive funds in form
        of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
        For more     information    on   index     methodology            and      factsheet,    please     visit    us
        at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2021. NSE is
ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by the World
Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in
India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data.
NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement
services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems through a
culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on the
index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE,
including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices,
sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains
fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and
hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a
number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
