PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 08, 2025



                             Revision to Nifty 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index

       The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the index
       methodology of Nifty 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec Index as mentioned hereunder.

       Parameter                  Existing Method                       Revised Method
                                  Residual maturity of the security Residual maturity of the security
       Eligible universe          should be between 4-6.5 years as on should be between 4-6 years as on
                                  the index effective date              the index effective date
                                  An existing bond will be replaced An existing bond will be replaced
       Rebalancing/Reconstitution only by an eligible bond whose total only by an eligible bond whose total
       - Replacement of existing traded volume during the review traded volume during the review
       ISIN                       period is equal to or more than 1.10x period is equal to or more than
                                  of the existing bond                  1.25x of the existing bond
                                  Fortnightly trade data to be Monthly trade data to be considered
       Data Analysis period
                                  considered for analysis               for analysis

       The new index methodology shall become effective from July 31, 2025.
       About NSE Indices Limited:
       NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
       NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
       focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
       the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
       broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
       indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
       securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
       based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
       derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
       index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
       the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
       For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
       Press contact:
       Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
