PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 16, 2026


                            NSE Indices launches Nifty Cement Index

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new sectoral index – Nifty
     Cement.
     The Nifty Cement Index aims to track the performance of stocks from the Nifty Total Market that
     belong to the ‘Cement & Cement products’ industry. The largest 20 stocks from the eligible basic
     industry are selected based on 6-month average free float market capitalization from the Nifty Total
     Market. Stocks available for trading in the derivatives segment at NSE are selected first, followed by
     non-F&O stocks if required, to complete the selection. The weight of each stock in the index is based
     on free float market capitalization. Stock weights are capped at 15%. The base date for the index is
     April 01, 2005 and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted semi-annually and rebalanced
     on a quarterly basis.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
