PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 28, 2022



                         NSE Indices launches three new target maturity indices

        NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched three new target maturity indices
        namely, Nifty G-Sec Dec 2030 Index, Nifty SDL Dec 2028 Index, and Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond Jul
        2028 60:40 Index.


        All three indices follow target maturity structure with maturity dates of December 31, 2030, December 29,
        2028, and July 31, 2028 respectively. The Nifty G-Sec Dec 2030 Index has 100% allocation to seven
        government securities (G-Secs). The Nifty SDL Dec 2028 Index has 100% allocation to thirteen State
        Development Loans (SDLs) issued by states/UTs. The Nifty SDL Plus AAA PSU Bond Jul 2028 60:40 Index
        has 60% allocation to seven State Development Loans (SDLs) and 40% allocation to six AAA rated bonds
        issued by PSUs as on the base date of the index.
        All three indices have a base date of September 27, 2022, and a base value of 1000. The index will be reviewed
        at the end of each calendar half-year.
        The indices are expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target maturity theme.
        It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by passive funds in
        form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
        For more     information    on   index     methodology            and      factsheet,    please     visit    us
        at www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading volume
(contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar year 2021. NSE
is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics maintained by the
World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first exchange in India to
implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based
on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services,
clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules
and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and
performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of NSE,
provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses on the
index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of
NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE Indices
Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and
Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship
'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Chief Manager, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
