PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 14, 2022



                            Revision in Nifty Fixed Income indices
      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee - Debt of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the
      methodology as mentioned hereunder for Nifty Fixed Income indices that are tracked by passive funds.

              Parameter                      Existing Method                          New Method
      Updating the reference to   The methodology document has          The methodology document shall have
      SEBI circular               reference to the SEBI circular no.    reference to the SEBI circular no.
                                  SEBI/HO/IMD/DF3/CIR/P/2019/147        SEBI/HO/IMD/DOF2/P/CIR/2022/69
                                  issued on November 29, 2019           issued on May 23, 2022

      Updating the treatment of Apart from scheduled review, bonds of Apart from scheduled review, in case
      bonds in case of rating   existing issuers to be excluded from  an existing issuer gets downgraded
      downgrade in 2 indices    the index:                            below AAA, bonds of such issuer to be
      (Nifty CPSE Bond Plus SDL 1. On next rebalance date if issuer   excluded from the index within 5
      Sep 2024 50:50 Index &         rating is downgraded below AAA working days from such downgrade
      Nifty PSU Bond Plus SDL        and is investment grade and
      Apr 2026 50:50 Index)     2. within 5 days if Issuer rating is
                                     downgraded below investment
                                     grade

      The revision in methodology shall become effective from July 14, 2022.

      About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

      National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
      volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
      year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
      maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first
      exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
      ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
      shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
      comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
      feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
      trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship ' Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Chief Manager, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
