PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, December 20, 2024




                         NSE Indices launches two new strategy indices

     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched two new strategy indices –
     Nifty500 Quality 50 and Nifty500 Low Volatility 50.
     The Nifty500 Quality 50 Index aims to track the performance of the top 50 companies within the
     Nifty 500 selected based on their Quality Scores. The quality score for each company is determined
     based on return on equity (ROE), financial leverage (Debt/Equity Ratio) and earnings (EPS) growth
     variability analyzed during the previous 5 years.

     The Nifty500 Low Volatility 50 Index aims to track the performance of the top 50 companies within
     the Nifty 500 selected based on their low volatility scores. Volatility is calculated as the standard
     deviation of daily price returns (log normal) for the last one year.

     Stock weights are based on a combination of the stock’s factor score and its free-float market
     capitalization. Stock weights are capped at the lower of 5% or 5 times the weight of the stock in the
     index based only on free float market capitalization.
     The base date for both the indices is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The indices will be
     reconstituted and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis.
     The new indices are expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
