PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, January 24, 2025


           NSE Indices launches new Sub-Category level Nifty AIF Benchmark
      NSE Indices Limited today published its standard semi-annual Category and Sub-category level Nifty
      Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) Benchmark Reports for the period ended 31st March 2024. These
      reports include industry level performance of category and sub-category benchmarks.
      In the sub-category level report, NSE Indices Limited curated a new sub-category level benchmark for
      Category III– “Long Only – Debt Oriented Fund” which includes schemes having high debt exposure.
      With the introduction of this sub-category level benchmark, NSE Indices now provides sixteen sub-
      category level benchmarks within three broad AIF Categories namely:
               Category I                         Category II                          Category III
       •   Venture Capital Fund   •   Unlisted Equity Fund                     •   Long Only – Debt
       •   Social Venture Fund    •   Listed + Unlisted Equity Fund                Oriented Fund
       •   Infrastructure Fund    •   Real Estate (Equity Oriented) Fund       •   Long Only – Equity
       •   SME Fund               •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented and       Oriented Fund
                                      Others) Fund                             •   Long Short Equity Fund
                                  •   Real Estate (Non – Equity Oriented and   •   Multi Asset Fund
                                      Others) – Residential Only               •   Hybrid Fund
                                  •   Debt Fund
                                  •   Distressed Asset Fund


      The Nifty AIF Benchmarks have been created in line with the SEBI Guidelines, for each of the three
      AIF categories (Category I, II, and III) based on performance data as of March 31, 2024, as received
      from more than 700 AIF schemes.
      The category and sub–category level Nifty AIF Reports are published on a semi–annual basis based on
      March ending and September ending performance.
      The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report will appeal to Wealth Managers, Family Offices, Asset Managers,
      and Corporate Treasuries amongst other investors.
      The report can be accessed at www.niftyindices.com and www.nseindia.com.




                                              Non-Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                        Non-Confidential
