PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, April 18, 2024



                         Revision in names of Nifty Corporate Group Indices

       The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the
       names of the Nifty Corporate Group Indices as mentioned hereunder.


       Existing Index Name                  Revised Index Name
       Nifty Aditya Birla Group Index       Nifty India Corporate Group Index - Aditya Birla Group
       Nifty Mahindra Group Index           Nifty India Corporate Group Index - Mahindra Group
       Nifty Tata Group Index               Nifty India Corporate Group Index - Tata Group
       Nifty Tata Group 25% Cap Index       Nifty India Corporate Group Index - Tata Group 25% Cap

       The new index names shall be effective from April 29, 2024.


       About NSE Indices Limited:
       NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
       NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
       focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
       the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
       broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
       indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
       securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
       based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
       derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
       index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
       the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
       For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
       Press contact:
       Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                               Non-Confidential
