PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, April 04, 2025


                  NSE Indices launches Nifty500 Flexicap Quality 30 Index
      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new strategy index – Nifty500
      Flexicap Quality 30.
      The Nifty500 Flexicap Quality 30 index aims to track the performance of top 10 stocks from each of
      the Nifty100 Quality 30 (Large cap segment universe), Nifty Midcap150 Quality 50 (Mid cap segment
      universe) and Nifty Smallcap250 Quality 50 (Small cap segment universe) indices, selected based on
      their six-month average free-float market capitalization.
      The weight allocation between large cap segment and mid-small cap segment is based on the trend of
      Mid-Small to Large ratio and its 200 day Moving Average, where Mid-Small to Large ratio is calculated
      using Price Return index values of Nifty MidSmallcap400 and Nifty 100. Each stock within the
      segment is weighted equally.
      The base date for the index is October 01, 2009, and the base value is 1000. The index will be
      reconstituted semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.
      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
