PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 21, 2025



       Shri Ashwani Bhatia, SEBI Whole-Time Member launches NSE’s dedicated
                         website for Indian Municipal Bonds
      Shri Ashwani Bhatia, SEBI Whole-Time Member, today launched NSE’s dedicated website for
      municipal bonds. The website will serve as a centralized hub for market participants, offering
      comprehensive data on Indian municipal bonds market including issuances, credit ratings, trading
      volumes, intrinsic yields, and prices along with historical performance of India’s first municipal bond
      index – the Nifty India Municipal Bond Index. This initiative aims to enhance transparency,
      accessibility, and investor awareness in the municipal bonds market in India. By providing structured
      information and relevant updates, the initiative is set to strengthen confidence in municipal bonds as a
      viable investment avenue.
      The website is accessible at www.IndiaMunicipalBonds.com
      Key segments of the website include:
      I.   Explore Bonds: Users can screen to filter and analyze outstanding municipal bonds based on
           parameters like credit rating, maturity, yield, etc. and compare multiple bonds based on these
           parameters
     II.   Municipal Bond Index: Users can track the historical performance of the municipal bonds market
           using the Nifty India Municipal Bond Index and compare its historical performance with other
           relevant bond indices
    III.   Market Activity: Users can track aggregate and average daily trading values across municipal
           bond issuers for different periods
    IV.    Resources: This section includes various reports, articles, guidelines, regulations related to the
           Municipal Bonds market

      Speaking on this landmark initiative, Shri Ashwani Bhatia, SEBI Whole-Time Member, stated: “The
      launch of a dedicated municipal bond website is a great initiative that will significantly enhance the
      credibility and visibility of municipal bonds market in India. This website will help bridge the
      information gap and attract investors to participate in financing urban development projects. As
      municipalities strive to raise funds for infrastructure growth, such measures are crucial in ensuring a
      robust municipal bonds market. We look forward to leveraging this platform to further strengthen the
      municipal bonds ecosystem and drive sustainable urban development.”
Shri Ashishkumar Chauhan, MD & CEO of NSE, stated: “The launch of this website marks a
significant step towards the development of the municipal bonds market in India. By offering structured
data and greater market transparency, we are empowering investors with the knowledge and insights
needed to make informed investment decisions. This initiative perfectly aligns with NSE’s purpose and
vision to improve the financial well-being of people by fostering a more efficient, liquid, and well-
regulated bond market. This initiative will encourage greater participation from institutional and retail
investors, ultimately aiding the development of urban infrastructure.”
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE): National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) was
the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994
and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for
equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE is the world’s largest derivatives
exchange by trading volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association
(FIA) for calendar year 2024. NSE is ranked 2nd in the world in equity segment by number of trades
(electronic order book) in 2024, as per the statistics maintained by World Federation of Exchanges
(WFE).

For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com

For any media queries please contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
