                                      Press Release
                                                                                   January 20, 2020


                      Inclusion in Nifty BHARAT Bond Index series

NSE Indices Limited, an NSE group company, as per methodology of Nifty BHARAT Bond
Index series announces the following changes:

These changes shall become effective from January 23, 2020.


1)        Nifty BHARAT Bond Index- April 2023

The following securities are being included:

     Sr.     Issuer                                        Maturity Date         ISIN
     No.
      1      INDIAN OIL CORPORATION LIMITED                    14-Apr-2023       INE242A08445
             MANGALORE REFINERY AND
      2                                                        14-Apr-2023
             PETROCHEMICALS LIMITED                                              INE103A08027

No exclusion is being made in the index

2)        Nifty BHARAT Bond Index- April 2030

The following security is being included:

     Sr.     Issuer                                        Maturity Date         ISIN
     No.
             MANGALORE REFINERY AND
      1                                                        12-Apr-2030       INE103A08019
             PETROCHEMICALS LIMITED

No exclusion is being made in the index


About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018,
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on
Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.
Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd.
(SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is
widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
