PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 10, 2026


                           NSE Indices launches Nifty500 Ahimsa Index

      NSE's index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited, today announced the launch of the Nifty500
      Ahimsa Index, a new thematic index designed to provide investors with exposure to companies from
      the Nifty 500 universe whose business practices are aligned with the principles of “Ahimsa” (non-
      violence).
      Nifty500 Ahimsa Index will be attractive to investors who wish to invest in stocks of companies that
      do not engage in activities that harm animals. The index has been developed in collaboration with the
      Ahimsagain Foundation as per their Ahimsa Investment Movement (AIM) framework, which evaluates
      companies based on the extent to which their products, services and business practices align with
      Ahimsa principles. The framework classifies companies into Green, Orange and Red bands. Companies
      belonging to ‘Orange’ and ‘Red’ bands are excluded from the index.
      The launch of the Nifty500 Ahimsa Index marks another step in NSE Indices' efforts to expand its suite
      of innovative index solutions that cater to the evolving needs of investors. As investment preferences
      continue to evolve, the index offers market participants a transparent, rules-based benchmark that
      integrates ethical considerations with broad-based equity market exposure.
      By drawing constituents from the diversified Nifty 500 universe, the index seeks to provide
      representation across sectors while promoting companies that demonstrate stronger alignment with
      responsible and sustainable business practices. The index is expected to serve as a benchmark for asset
      managers and facilitate the development of passive investment products, including Exchange Traded
      Funds (ETFs), index funds and other structured investment solutions.
      The base date for the index is April 01, 2016, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
      semi-annually. The weight of each stock in the index is based on its free-float market capitalization.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
