PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, November 25, 2024



                     NSE Indices launches Nifty India Railways PSU Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index –Nifty
      India Railways PSU.
      The Nifty India Railways PSU index tracks the performance of PSUs from the Nifty 500 which are
      either owned by the Ministry of Railways (classified as core group) or cater to the Indian Railways
      (classified as non-core group). The weight of each stock in the index is based on its free-float market
      capitalization. The aggregate weight of stocks belonging to the core group is capped at 80% and the
      aggregate weight of stocks belonging to the non-core group is capped at 20%. The weight of each stock
      is capped at 20%


      The base date for the index is April 01, 2021, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
      semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis.


      The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.




      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
