BEFORE THE SOLE ARBITRATOR HON'BLE MR. JUSTICE S. J. VAZIFDAR
(FORMER CHIEF JUSTICE OF THE PUNIAB AND HARYANA HIGH COURT)
Inthematterbetween:
.. Claimant
India IndexServices and Products Limited
Versus
.. Respondents
Singapore Exchange Derivatives Trading Limited & Anr.
Appearances:
For the Claimant:
Sr. Adv. Mr. Janak Dwarkadas, Adv. Mr. Benjamin Marks, Sr. Adv. Venkatesh Dhond,
Adv. Mr. Somasekhar Sundaresan, Adv. Vivek Menon, Adv. Rashmin Khandekar,
Mr. Faraz Sagar, Ms. Shruti Rajan, Ms. Garima Joshi, Mr. Abhijeet Shinde and Ms. Erin
James i/b. Cyril Amarchand Mangaldas.
Representatives of the Claimant:
Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, Mr. M. Vasudev Rao, Mr. Vishal Lohire, and Mr. Prashant
Shukla.
For theRespondents:
Sr. Adv. Darius Khambata, Sr. Adv. Shiraz Rustomjee, Adv. Ashish Kamat, Adv.
Aditya Mehta, Adv. Mr. Pheroze Mehta, Adv. Mr. Ashwin Bhadang, Adv. Mr. Ameet
Naik, Adv. Ms.Madhu Gadodia and Adv.Abhishek Kale i/b. Naik Naik & Co.
Representatives of the Respondents:
Mr. Glenn Seah, Mr. Jeth Lee Rui Jie, Mr. Michael Syn and Mr.Yujun Lin.
ARBITRATIONANDCONCILIATIONACT,1996ANDDIRECTIONS
After having heard the parties for a period of five days, I am of the view that
the following order will meet the ends of justice. It is clarified that the partics
have agreed that no reasons be given in support of this order.
2.   Looking to the complexity of the issues involved, I am of the view that the ends
of justice as indeed the interests of the parties would be met by the matter being
adjudicated finally and expeditiously. I therefore pass the following order:

2
Claimant to file its Statement of Claim along with a list of documents by
(i)
3rd August 2018;
Respondents to file their Statement of Defense and Counter-Claim, if
(i)
any, along with a list of documents by 26th September 2018;
(ii)    In the event of the Respondents raising any issues with regard to
Section 16, they shall do so along with the Statement of Defence. The
Respondents shall be entitled to file the Counter Claim without
prejudice to such contentions under Section 16. The effect of such a
reservation in the Counter Claim shall be decided in the arbitration.
(iv)   Claimant to file a Reply to the Counter-Claim and Section 16
Application, if any, by 30th October 2018;
(v)    Circulation of draft issues between the parties arising on the pleadings
by 2nd November 2018;
(vi)   Discovery and inspection to be completed by 19th November 2018;
(vi)   Hearing on framing of issues and further directions on evidence,
including expert evidence, if any, to be held on 21st November 2018.
3.   It is made clear that the parties will not seek any extension of time for thc
aforesaid activities.
4.   Further directions will be passed on 18th June 2018 at 10.00 a.m. at the same
venue.
5.   Pending the hearing and final disposal of these proceedings, the following
interim arrangement shall operate:-
(V    The Claimant is directed to issue a letter to the Respondents extending
the effective date of termination of the License Agrccment dated
September 25, 2014, from August 12, 2018, where an award is declared
in the first half of a calendar month, until the last Thursday of the
succeeding calendar month. However, in the event of such award being

3
declared in the second half of the calendar month, the termination will
take effect on the last Thursday of the second succeeding calendar
month. Such letter must be delivered to me and the Respondents by
today. In the event of the letter not being received by me or the
Respondents by today, the hearing of the Section 17 Application will
continue tomorrow at 9.30 a.m. and this entire Order shall stand
recalled,revoked andvacated;
B)
2018 in terms of Paragraph 8 (a) shall continue to operate for a period of
4 (four) weeks from the date of the declaration of the final award.
C   The operation of Paragraph 8 (b) thereof shall stand substituted as set
out below. During the pendency of these proceedings and for a period
of 3 (three) weeks after the date of declaration of the final award, the
Respondents shall not launch or list any new derivative products linked
to IISL Indices or NSE and NSE IFSC equity derivative products, except
for such products as are covered by the extended period of license
pursuant to Paragraph A above.
6.   On receipt by me of a copy of the letter of extension from the Claimant referred
to Para 5(A) above today, the Application under Section 17 of the Arbitration
and Conciliation Act, 1996 shall stand disposed of as provided for herein. This
order is without prejudice to all contentions of the parties.
Dated this 14th day of June 2018
MR. JUSTICES. J. VAZIFDAR (Retd.)
SOLEARBITRATOR

