PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, August 06, 2026



                  NSE Indices launches Nifty India Defence Equal Weight Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new thematic index – Nifty
      India Defence Equal Weight.
      The Nifty India Defence Equal Weight aims to track the performance of portfolio of stocks that are part
      of parent index, the Nifty India Defence Index. The Nifty India Defence index aims to track the
      performance of portfolio of stocks that broadly represent the Defence theme. From the Nifty Total
      Market index, stocks forming part of eligible basic industries or those which obtain at least 10% of
      revenues from the defence industry are eligible to be included in the index. All stocks in the index are
      equally weighted.
      The base date for the index is April 02, 2018 and the base value is 1000. The index is reconstituted on
      a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis in March, June, September and
      December.
      The new index is expected to act as benchmark for asset managers and be reference index tracked by
      passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheets, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com
      or www.nseindia.com.




                                               Non-Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                        Non-Confidential
