PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 09, 2023



         NSE Indices launches Sub-Category level Nifty AIF Benchmarks
     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today published its third Nifty
     Alternative Investment Fund (AIF) Benchmark Report at a category level for the period
     ended 31st March 2022. In addition to the category level benchmark report, NSE Indices also
     launched its first ever sub–category level report which features a host of finely curated sub-
     category indices to enable a more nuanced benchmarking of AIF performances.

     The Nifty AIF Benchmarks have been created in line with the SEBI Guidelines, for each of
     the three AIF categories (Cat I, Cat II, and Cat III) based on performance data for the period
     ended March 31, 2022.

     Within broader categories, the AIFs are further classified into various sub-categories as
     follows:

     Category I

        •   Venture Capital Funds

     Category II

        •   Equity Funds - Unlisted
        •   Equity Funds - Listed + Unlisted
        •   Debt Funds
        •   Real Estate Funds – Equity Oriented
        •   Real Estate Funds – Non – Equity Oriented and Others

     Category III

        •   Long Only Equity Funds
        •   Long Short Equity Funds
        •   Multi Asset Funds




                                             Confidential
“Alternative Investment Funds or AIFs are rapidly evolving as an alternate investment
vehicle for the more informed investor class. NSE Indices has launched a suite of AIF
benchmarks to measure and evaluate performance of various categories of AIFs. The
availability of such benchmark reports will help investors make appropriate and informed
investment decisions into AIFs. With the introduction of a sub–category level report, we are
providing more granular benchmarks which will enable more appropriate and like-for-like
comparison of fund performances based on their underlying strategies. This would allow
investors to compare a fund’s performance with the most relevant set of peers that most
closely fit the investment strategy and risk profile of the fund.” says, Mukesh Agarwal,
Managing Director – NSE Indices Ltd.

The category and sub–category level Nifty AIF Benchmark Reports are prepared on a semi
– annual basis (March and September).

The Nifty AIF Benchmark Report will appeal to Wealth Managers, Family Offices, Asset
Managers, and Corporate Treasuries amongst other investors.




                                       Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2022. NSE is ranked 3rd in the world in the cash equities by number of trades
as per the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar
year 2022. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based
trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in
terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on
SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading
services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions
and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing
members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:

NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and
manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index,
the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral
indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also
maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds,
money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty
indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index- based
derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and several index
funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded
as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey – Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                       Confidential
