PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 18, 2025


              Revision in exclusion date for Nifty SME Emerge index

      The Index Maintenance Sub Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited via press release dated June
      16, 2025 had announced exclusion of Krishival Foods Ltd. (KRISHIVAL) from Nifty SME Emerge
      index with effect from June 23, 2025 (close of June 20, 2025).

      NSE vide circular NSE/CML/68592 dated June 17, 2025 has announced migration of KRISHIVAL
      from NSE’s SME Emerge platform to NSE’s Capital Market segment (Main Board) effective June 20,
      2025.

      In view of the above, the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) has decided to revise the date of
      exclusion of the above-mentioned security from June 23, 2025 to June 20, 2025 (close of June 19,
      2025).


      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
