PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, May 14, 2024

                        Changes in Nifty Fixed Income indices
     On March 20, 2024, NSE Indices Limited issued a press release announcing re-investment schedule of
     Nifty BHARAT Bond Index - April 2025 for quarter ending June 2024.

     NSE vide its circular NSE/DS/61603 dated April 15, 2023 has announced holiday on May 20, 2024 on
     account of General Parliamentary Elections. The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE
     Indices Limited has consequently decided to revise the date of exclusion as listed hereunder.

       Sr.               Issuer                     ISIN           Maturity          Revised
       No.                                                          Date          Exclusion Date
        1    POWER GRID                       INE752E07KV2       20-May-2024       17-May-2024
             CORPORATION OF INDIA
             LIMITED



     About NSE Indices Limited:
     NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
     NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
     focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
     the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
     broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
     indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
     securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
     based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
     derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
     index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
     the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
     For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
     Press contact:
     Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
