                                 PRESS RELEASE
                                                                            Mumbai, October 12, 2021


  Revision in criteria and replacement in NIFTY 5 yr Benchmark G-sec index

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Debt) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the
revision in criteria and replacement in NIFTY 5 yr Benchmark G-Sec index as given hereunder. These
changes shall become effective from October 18, 2021.

 Parameter                Existing Method                     Proposed Method
 Liquidity threshold      An existing bond will be            An existing bond will be replaced by
                          replaced by an eligible bond        an eligible bond whose total traded
                          whose total traded volume           volume during the review period is
                          during the review period is equal   equal to or more than 1.10x of the
                          to or more than 1.25x of the        existing bond
                          existing bond
 Review Frequency         Monthly                             Fortnightly
 Data cut-off and         Index composition is reviewed       Index composition will be reviewed
 effective date           on a monthly basis with a data      on a fortnightly basis with a data cut-
                          cut-off of T-9 working days and     off of T-6 working days and effective
                          effective on first working day of   on first working day of the month (T)
                          the month (T)                       and 16th of each month (T). In case,
                                                              16th of any month is a non working
                                                              day, the change will be effective from
                                                              the next working day after 16th of the
                                                              respective month

In accordance with the revised criteria, review of index has been carried out and no change to NIFTY
5 yr Benchmark G-Sec index is being made.




                                           Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
year 2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2020. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the NIFTY
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity indices comprises of broad-
based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Email id: cc@nse.co.in




                                             Confidential
