                                      Press Release
                                                                            October 28, 2020


       NSE Indices launches Nifty CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2024 50:50 Index


Mumbai: NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited has today launched the Nifty CPSE
Bond Plus SDL Sep 2024 50:50 Index.

Nifty CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2024 50:50 Index seeks to measure the performance of portfolio
of AAA rated bonds issued by government owned entities & SDLs maturing between October 01,
2023 to September 30, 2024. The index uses buy and hold strategy wherein the portfolio selected
at the time of launch is held till their maturity date unless they are ineligible.

“The Nifty CPSE Bond Plus SDL Sep 2024 50:50 Index is a new addition to NSE’s Fixed Income
Target Maturity Index series and creates new avenue for the investors looking to invest in a
product with defined maturity structure, good credit quality and having high predictability of
returns.” said Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices Ltd.

The index has a base date of Oct 05, 2020 and a base value of 1000. The index will be reviewed at
the end of every calendar quarter.


For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com.




                                           Confidential
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume as per the statistics published by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for 2019 and ranked
3rd in the world in the cash equities segment by number of trades as per the statistics published by
the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE). NSE was the first exchange in India to implement
electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock
exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since
1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings,
trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions
and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members
with the rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the
reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology. NSE believes that the scale and breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership
positions across multiple asset classes in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market
demands and changes and deliver innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide
high-quality data and services to market participants and clients.

For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based
on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange
Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index
is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                  Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer         Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                          Mobile: +91-98195 49984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                   Email id: kumark@nse.co.in




                                            Confidential
