PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, September 04, 2024


         NSE Indices launches Nifty500 Multicap Momentum Quality 50 index


     NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new strategy index – Nifty500
     Multicap Momentum Quality 50 index.
     The Nifty500 Multicap Momentum Quality 50 index aims to track the performance of the large, mid
     and small cap stocks which are selected based on the combination of momentum and quality factors
     from the Nifty 500 index. 10 stocks from the Large cap universe (stock forming part of the Nifty 100
     index), 15 stocks from the Midcap universe (stock forming part of the Nifty Midcap 150 index) and 25
     stocks from Smallcap universe (stock forming part of the Nifty Smallcap 250 index) based on the
     combination of momentum and quality factors are selected to be part of the Nifty500 Multicap
     Momentum Quality 50 index.
     The momentum score for each company is determined based on its 6-month and 12-month price return,
     adjusted for volatility. The quality score for each company is determined based on return on equity
     (ROE), financial leverage (Debt/Equity Ratio) and earnings (EPS) growth variability analyzed during
     the previous 5 years. The weight of each stock in the index is based on the combination of composite
     momentum-quality score and its free-float market capitalization. Stock weights are capped at 5% at the
     time of index rebalancing.
     The base date for the index is April 01, 2005, and the base value is 1000. The index will be reconstituted
     and rebalanced on a semi-annual basis.
     The new index is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked
     by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.


     For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
     www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
