PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 28, 2022



              Revision in methodology for treatment of Special Dividend
      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee - Equity of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the
      methodology for treatment of special dividend in the price return index as mentioned hereunder
      pursuant to SEBI circular SEBI/HO/MRD2/MRD2_DCAP/P/CIR/2022/90 dated June 28, 2022.

                           Existing                                            Revised
       The adjustment for special dividend is made in     The adjustment for special dividend be made in
       the index provided:                                the index provided:
       •   Dividends declared at and above 5% of the      •   Dividends declared are at or above 2% of
           market value of the underlying stock               the market value of the underlying stock

       •   All cases of dividends (irrespective of the •      All cases of dividends (irrespective of the
           dividend amount), where the listed entity          dividend amount), where the listed entity has
           has sought exemption from the timeline             sought exemption from the timeline
           prescribed under the provisions of SEBI            prescribed under the provisions of SEBI
           (Listing Obligations and Disclosure                (Listing Obligations and Disclosure
           Requirements) Regulations, 2015                    Requirements) Regulations, 2015



      The revision in methodology shall become effective from June 29, 2022.


      About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

      National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
      volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
      year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
      maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first
      exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
      ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
      shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
      comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship ' Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Chief Manager, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
