PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, August 03, 2022


      NSE Indices launches three new sector indices
      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched three new sector indices
      namely, Nifty MidSmall Financial Services index, Nifty MidSmall Healthcare index and Nifty
      MidSmall IT & Telecom index.
      The Nifty MidSmall Financial Services index and Nifty MidSmall Healthcare index each includes
      upto 30 stocks while the Nifty MidSmall IT & Telecom index includes upto 20 stocks. The stocks
      within each index are selected from the parent Nifty MidSmallcap 400 index based on stock’s 6
      month average free-float market capitalization within their sector universe.
      The weight of each stock in the respective index is based on stock’s free float market capitalization.
      Stock weights are capped at 33% each and the aggregate weight of top 3 stocks is capped at 62% at
      the time of index rebalancing.
      The base date for these indices is April 01, 2005, and base value is 1000. Indices are reconstituted
      on a semi-annual basis and weights are rebalanced on a quarterly basis.

      The indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers and be reference indices tracked
      by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
      products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
      www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as
per the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021.
NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began
operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and
average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a
fully integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and
settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education
offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading, clearing members and listed companies with
the rules and regulations of SEBI and the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures
the reliability and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in
technology.

For more information, please visit: https://www.nseindia.com

About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets.
The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio
of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based
on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid
indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and
abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore
Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty
50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com


Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey - Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
