                                      Press Release
                                                                                       June 24, 2021


                   Replacement in NIFTY SME EMERGE Index

The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the
following changes in NIFTY SME EMERGE index on account of proposed migration of Ganga
Forging Ltd., Hindcon Chemicals Ltd. and Shanti Overseas (India) Ltd. from NSE’s SME EMERGE
platform to NSE’s Capital Market segment (Main Board).
1)         NIFTY SME EMERGE

The following companies are being excluded:

     Sr. No.                  Company Name                              Symbol
       1       Ganga Forging Ltd.                                   GANGAFORGE
       2       Hindcon Chemicals Ltd.                               HINDCON

Exclusions of the companies listed above shall become effective from July 01, 2021 (close of June
30, 2021). No inclusion is being made in the index.
Further, on June 15, 2021, as part of quarterly review of NIFTY SME EMERGE index, inclusion
of Shanti Overseas (India) Ltd. (SHANTI) was announced w.e.f. June 30, 2021. On account of
proposed migration of the company from NSE’s SME EMERGE platform to NSE’s Capital Market
segment (Main Board), the Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) has decided to revoke its
earlier decision of inclusion of Shanti Overseas (India) Ltd. in NIFTY SME EMERGE index
effective June 30, 2021.


About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for
calendar year 2020. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as
per the statistics maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year
2020. NSE was the first exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It
began operations in 1994 and is ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total
and average daily turnover for equity shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE
has a fully-integrated business model comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing
and settlement services, indices, market data feeds, technology solutions and financial
education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by trading and clearing members with the
rules and regulations of the exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability
and performance of its systems through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The
company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of
indices under the NIFTY brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the NIFTY 50. NIFTY equity
indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic
indices and customised indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on
Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices.
Many investment products based on NIFTY indices have been developed within India and abroad.
These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd.
(SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'NIFTY 50' index is
widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:
Arijit Sengupta                                  Kumar Kartikey
Chief Marketing & Communications Officer         Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9820340485                           Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: asengupta@nse.co.in                    Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
