PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, March 28, 2024

NSE Indices wins ‘2024 Best of the Best Awards’ by Asia Asset Management
for Index Provider of the Year in India & Best ESG Index Provider in India

     NSE Indices Ltd, a subsidiary of NSE and a leading provider of indices and index-related services for
     the capital markets, is proud to announce that it has been honoured with two prestigious awards at the
     Asia Asset Management Best of the Best Awards 2024. NSE Indices has won awards for 'Index
     Provider of the Year in India' and 'Best ESG Index Provider in India.' For the past five years, NSE
     Indices Ltd has consistently won the title of the Index Provider in India, as recognised by Asia Asset
     Management. The Asia Asset Management Best of the Best Awards, an annual award program
     organized by Asia Asset Management, celebrates excellence in the financial sector by recognising
     outstanding achievements of financial institutions and pension funds throughout the past calendar year.

     Nifty 50 and other Nifty Indices are the preferred underlying benchmarks for the issuance of passive
     funds in India. The Asset Under Management (AUM) of passive funds in India (Equity and Debt) as
     of January 31, 2024 was Rs. 8.28 lac crores of which 72% is linked to Nifty indices. In addition, 76%
     of AUM in equity active funds and 54% in debt active funds is benchmarked against Nifty indices.
     Outside India, Nifty indices are used as the underlying benchmarks by 22 passive funds.

     Mr. Mukesh Agarwal, MD & CEO, NSE Indices, expressed profound gratitude stating, "We are truly
     honored to receive these prestigious awards from Asia Asset Management. This recognition is a
     testament to the global acceptance of Nifty indices. We would like to thank our customers for their
     continued confidence in Nifty indices for the launch of passive funds and benchmarking purposes. We
     remain committed to advancing the passive investing landscape by introducing new and innovative
     indices across various themes and strategies."
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
