PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, October 01, 2025

                                Inclusions in Nifty IPO index

      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee (Equity) of NSE Indices Limited has decided to make the
      following inclusions in Nifty IPO index. These changes shall become effective from October 07, 2025
      (close of October 06, 2025).

      The following companies are being included:

       Sr. No.                          Company Name                               Symbol
          1      Anand Rathi Share and Stock Brokers Ltd.                       ARSSBL
          2      Jaro Institute of Technology Management and Research Ltd.      JARO
          3      Seshaasai Technologies Ltd.                                    STYL
          4      Solarworld Energy Solutions Ltd.                               SOLARWORLD

      No exclusion is being made from the index.


      About NSE Indices Limited:
      NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
      NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
      focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
      the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
      broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
      indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
      securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
      based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
      derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
      index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
      the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
      For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
      Press contact:
      Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
