IISL
INDIA INDEX SERVICES & PRODUCTS LIMITED
(A joint venture of NSE & CRISIL)


                                 PRESS RELEASE

       Change in Index computation methodology of various indices
                         w.e.f. October 11, 2010
The following indices are currently computed by IISL using full market capitalization
weighted methodology:

        1.   S&P CNX 500 Index
        2.   S&P CNX Industry Indices
        3.   CNX Energy Index
        4.   CNX FMCG Index
        5.   CNX Infrastructure Index
        6.   CNX MNC Index
        7.   CNX Pharma Index
        8.   CNX PSE Index
        9.   CNX Service Sector Index

With effect from October 11, 2010, these indices will be calculated using free float
market capitalization methodology.

The following indices are currently computed by IISL using free float market
capitalization methodology:

        1. S&P CNX Nifty Index
        2. S&P CNX Defty Index
        3. CNX Nifty Junior Index
        4. CNX 100 Index
        5. CNX Midcap Index
        6. CNX Bank Index
        7. CNX IT Index
        8. CNX Realty Index
        9. CNX PSU Bank Index
        10. S&P CNX Nifty Shariah Index
        11. S&P CNX 500 Shariah Index
        12. Nifty Midcap 50 Index

The following additional information is being provided related to free float methodology
and impact on index values:

   •    The index values to be computed from October 11, 2010 will be part of the same
        index. It will not be a new index series.
   •   There will be no change to the index values on the date of transition due to the
       change in the methodology. The index divisor will be suitably adjusted to ensure
       continuity in index values.
   •   The free float factor (Investible Weight Factor – IWF) for each company in the
       index will be determined based on the public shareholding of the companies as
       disclosed in the shareholding pattern submitted to the stock exchanges by these
       companies on a quarterly basis.. Further, the following categories would also be
       excluded from the free float factor where identifiable separately:

          •   Government holding in the capacity of strategic investor
          •   Shares held by promoters through ADR/GDRs
          •   Strategic stakes by corporate bodies
          •   Investments under FDI category
          •   Equity held by associate/group companies (cross-holdings)
          •   Employee Welfare Trusts
          •   Shares under lock-in category

After the change in methodology for the above- mentioned indices, all standard indices
created and maintained by IISL would be computed using free float market capitalization
methodology.

Place: Mumbai
Date: September 9, 2010
