                                    Press Release
                                                                              October 24, 2019

      NSE Indices launches Nifty Midcap150 Quality 50 Index
Index tracks performance of select mid cap companies selected based on profitability, leverage
                              and earnings growth variability

Mumbai: NSE’s index subsidiary, NSE Indices limited, has today launched a quality-factor
based smart-beta mid-cap index namely, Nifty Midcap150 Quality 50.

The Nifty Midcap150 Quality 50 index includes top 50 companies from its parent Nifty Midcap
150 index, selected based on their ‘quality’ scores. The quality score for each company is
determined based on return on equity, financial leverage (except for financial services
companies) and earning per share (EPS) growth variability of each stock analysed during the
previous 5 financial years. The weight of each stock in the index is based on a combination of
stock’s quality score and its free float market capitalization.

The base date for the index is April 01, 2005 and base value is 1000. The index composition is
reconstituted on a semi-annual basis.

“Globally, popularity of smart beta indices is picking up with assets under management of
Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) and Exchange Traded Products (ETPs) tracking such indices
steadily increasing at a rate of more than 20 percent per annum during the past 5 years to reach
~$756 bn. as on June 30, 2019 (Source: ETFGI). In India, with availability of various smart
beta indices, ETFs based on such indices are also expected to pick up. The launch of Nifty
Midcap150 Quality 50 index, along with the existing suite of Nifty smart beta indices reinforces
NSE’s commitment towards developing the passive fund management space.” said Mukesh
Agarwal, CEO, NSE Indices Limited.

The Nifty Midcap150 Quality 50 index will be calculated on an end-of-day basis. The index is
expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers looking for a reliable metric that measures
risk-return dynamics of quality-factor based mid-cap portfolios. The index is also expected to
be reference index tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs) or
index funds and by structured products.


For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at
www.niftyindices.com or www.nseindia.com
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India Ltd. (NSE) is the leading stock exchange in India and the
second largest in the world by nos. of trades in equity shares from January to December 2018,
according to World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) report. NSE was the first exchange in
India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is ranked
as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully-integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices,
market data feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees
compliance by trading and clearing members with the rules and regulations of the exchange.
NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology. NSE believes that the scale and
breadth of its products and services, sustained leadership positions across multiple asset classes
in India and globally enable it to be highly reactive to market demands and changes and deliver
innovation in both trading and non-trading businesses to provide high-quality data and services
to market participants and clients.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a
subsidiary of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital
markets. The company focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages
a portfolio of indices under the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50.
Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based benchmark indices, sectorial indices, strategy
indices, thematic indices and customized indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed
income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate bonds, money market
instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices have been
developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded
funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian
Capital Markets.


For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com



For any clarifications please contact:


Kumar Kartikey
Chief Manager, Corporate Communication
Mobile: +91-9819549984
Email id: kumark@nse.co.in
