PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, Jan 28, 2026



         NSE Indices launches Nifty SDL Apr 2031 Top 20 Equal Weight HTM Index


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched a new target maturity index
      namely – Nifty SDL Apr 2031 Top 20 Equal Weight HTM Index.

      Nifty SDL Apr 2031 Top 20 Equal Weight HTM Index follows a target maturity structure with a
      maturity date of April 30, 2031. The index seeks to measure the performance of portfolio of 20 SDLs
      maturing between May 01, 2030 to April 30, 2031.
      Nifty SDL Apr 2031 Top 20 Equal Weight HTM Index has a base date of December 03, 2025 and a
      base value of 1000. The index shall be reviewed on a quarterly basis. The proportion of investment is
      equally divided amongst the 20 SDLs.
      The new index is expected to appeal to investors looking to invest in debt portfolios with target maturity
      theme. It is expected to act as a benchmark for asset managers and be a reference index tracked by
      passive funds in form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured products.

      For more information on index methodology and factsheet, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com or
      www.nseindia.com.
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
