PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, June 17, 2026



                            NSE Indices launches two new thematic indices


      NSE’s index services subsidiary, NSE Indices Limited today launched below two new thematic indices:
         1) Nifty Sugar & Ethanol
         2) Nifty Small Finance Banks & Microfinance Institutions

      The Nifty Sugar & Ethanol Index aims to track the performance of 15 stocks selected from the FMCG
      sector that are directly involved in the manufacturing/production of sugar or ethanol.
      The Nifty Small Finance Banks & Microfinance Institutions Index aims to track the performance of
      most liquid small finance banks and microfinance institutions listed on NSE.
      The weight of each security in the indices is based on its free-float market capitalization subject to a
      cap of 15%. The base date for the indices is March 31, 2021, and the base value is 1000. The indices
      will be reconstituted semi-annually and rebalanced on a quarterly basis in March, June, September and
      December.
      These new indices are expected to act as benchmarks for asset managers and be reference indices
      tracked by passive funds in the form of Exchange Traded Funds (ETFs), index funds and structured
      products.
      For more information on index methodology and factsheets, please visit us at www.niftyindices.com
      or www.nseindia.com.




                                               Non-Confidential
About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in




                                        Non-Confidential
