PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, February 15, 2024



               Higher frequency for real time index dissemination

     NSE Indices computes over 380 indices (equity, debt, multi assets etc.). Out of these, the values of
     72 indices (65 equity and 7 debt) are presently disseminated live during market hours at a frequency
     of 1 second through trading system of the National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) in Capital Market
     Segment while other indices are calculated and disseminated on end of day basis.


     The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
     Nifty indices assume leadership position with over 270 passive mutual fund products within India
     and 21 passive products outside India tracking Nifty indices as an underlying with a total Asset under
     Management (AUM) of about USD 75 billion as on December 31, 2023. Further, derivatives based
     on Nifty Indices trade actively on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX).


     With increasing reference to indices for valuation of financial products and increase in trading
     volumes of derivatives linked to Nifty indices, effective April 8, 2024 all indices that are currently
     disseminated live at a frequency of 1 second shall be disseminated live at a frequency of 500
     milliseconds (0.5 second).




     About NSE Indices Limited:
     NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary
     of NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
     focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
     the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprise of
broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised
indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based
derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.

For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
