PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, July 22, 2022



                           Revision in Nifty Fixed Income indices
      The Index Maintenance Sub-Committee - Debt of NSE Indices Limited has decided to revise the
      methodology for Nifty Fixed Income indices as mentioned hereunder.

       Index Name       Parameter           Existing Method              New Method
                                                                         Total weight of the index to be equally
                                                                         divided amongst the eligible long term
                                                                         credit rating notches. Further, weights
                                                                         to selected securities within each long
       Nifty A                            Weights to selected bonds
                                                                         term credit rating notches to be
       Corporate        Weight assignment are assigned based on
                                                                         assigned based on security level
       Bond Indices                       outstanding amount
                                                                         outstanding amount. Further, if there is
                                                                         no eligible constituent within any long
                                                                         term credit rating notch then a dummy
                                                                         security to be taken for the period.
                                                                         Total weight of the index to be equally
                                                                         divided amongst the eligible long term
                                          Weight is assigned to each
                                                                         credit rating notches. Further, weights
                                          security based on issuer
       Nifty Banking                                                     to selected securities within each long
                                          level outstanding amount
       & PSU Indices                                                     term credit rating notches to be
                        Weight assignment (in C variant there is a
       (Variant B &                                                      assigned based on the issuer level
                                          20% cap to securities with
       Variant C)                                                        outstanding amount. Further, if there is
                                          long term credit rating of
                                                                         no eligible constituent within any long
                                          AAA)
                                                                         term credit rating notch then a dummy
                                                                         security to be taken for the period.
                                                                         Total weight of the index to be equally
                                                                         divided amongst the eligible long term
                                          Weight is assigned to each     credit rating notches. Further, weights
       Nifty CP and
                                          security based on its          to selected securities within each long
       Nifty CD
                                          outstanding amount (in C       term credit rating notches to be
       Indices          Weight assignment
                                          variant there is a 20% cap     assigned based on the security level
       (Variant B &
                                          to securities with long term   outstanding amount. Further, if there is
       Variant C)
                                          credit rating of AAA)          no eligible constituent within any long
                                                                         term credit rating notch then a dummy
                                                                         security to be taken for the period.

      The revision in methodology shall become effective from July 29, 2022.
About National Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE):

National Stock Exchange of India (NSE) is the world’s largest derivatives exchange by trading
volume (contracts) as per the statistics maintained by Futures Industry Association (FIA) for calendar
year 2021. NSE is ranked 4th in the world in the cash equities by number of trades as per the statistics
maintained by the World Federation of Exchanges (WFE) for calendar year 2021. NSE was the first
exchange in India to implement electronic or screen-based trading. It began operations in 1994 and is
ranked as the largest stock exchange in India in terms of total and average daily turnover for equity
shares every year since 1995, based on SEBI data. NSE has a fully integrated business model
comprising exchange listings, trading services, clearing and settlement services, indices, market data
feeds, technology solutions and financial education offerings. NSE also oversees compliance by
trading, clearing members and listed companies with the rules and regulations of SEBI and the
exchange. NSE is a pioneer in technology and ensures the reliability and performance of its systems
through a culture of innovation and investment in technology.
For more information, please visit: www.nseindia.com


About NSE Indices Limited:
NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company focuses
on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under the Nifty
brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises of broad-based
benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices and customised indices. NSE
Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India securities, corporate
bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products based on Nifty indices
have been developed within India and abroad. These include index based derivatives traded on NSE, NSE
IFSC and Singapore Exchange Ltd. (SGX) and a number of index funds and exchange traded funds. The
flagship ' Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com

Press contact:
Kumar Kartikey – Associate Vice President, Corporate Communications
Priyanka Roy - Manager, Corporate Communications
Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
