PRESS RELEASE
Mumbai, November 28, 2024

   Corporate Adjustment for Emkay Taps and Cutting Tools Ltd. in Nifty
                           SME Emerge index

     NSE vide its circular NSE/CML/65235 dated November 26, 2024 has announced special pre-open
     session to be conducted for Emkay Taps and Cutting Tools Ltd. (EMKAYTOOLS) in SME Emerge
     segment on December 04, 2024 on account of demerger of its manufacturing of threading taps and
     cutting tools division into the Emkay Tools Ltd.

     In accordance with the index methodology, demerged entity with a dummy Symbol
     “DUMMYEMKTL” shall be included at zero price in Nifty SME Emerge index effective from
     December 04, 2024 (close of December 03, 2024).

     For detailed guidelines regarding handling of corporate actions involving demergers in Nifty indices,
     please refer index methodology document published on our website www.niftyindices.com.


     About NSE Indices Limited:
     NSE Indices Limited (formerly known as India Index Services & Products Ltd. - IISL), a subsidiary of
     NSE, provides a variety of indices and index related services for the capital markets. The company
     focuses on the index as a core product. The company owns and manages a portfolio of indices under
     the Nifty brand of NSE, including the flagship index, the Nifty 50. Nifty equity indices comprises
     broad-based benchmark indices, sectoral indices, strategy indices, thematic indices, and customised
     indices. NSE Indices Limited also maintains fixed income indices based on Government of India
     securities, corporate bonds, money market instruments and hybrid indices. Many investment products
     based on Nifty indices have been developed within India and abroad. These include index-based
     derivatives traded on NSE and NSE International Exchange IFSC Limited (NSE IX) and a number of
     index funds and exchange traded funds. The flagship 'Nifty 50' index is widely tracked and traded as
     the benchmark for Indian Capital Markets.
     For more information, please visit: www.niftyindices.com
     Press contact:
     Email ID: cc@nse.co.in
